Abstract
Though research examining cybercrime has surged in recent years, studies exploring perceptions concerning these phenomena have been scant. In fact, little is known regarding the extent to which individuals perceive cybercrime as serious, whether exposure to cybercrime terminology elicit similar perceptions of seriousness as behavioural descriptions of cybercrime, and the factors predicting perceptions of cybercrime seriousness. While research examining offline crime has found a significant relationship between individuals' adoption of misleading stereotypes and perceived crime seriousness, no study to date has explored this association within a cybercrime context. As such, using data collected from 504 Mechanical Turk adult respondents, the current study examined: (1) the extent to which individuals perceived cybercrime (generally) as serious, (2) whether perceptions of cybercrime seriousness were differentially influenced based on whether cybercrime terms (e.g., 'hacking', 'cyberstalking') were provided relative to behavioural definitions, and (3) whether respondents' adoption of cybercrime misbeliefs significantly impacted perceptions of cybercrime seriousness, net of other factors (i.e., comfort with and use of technology, demographic traits). The findings revealed that while more individuals perceived cybercrime as serious when behavioural definitions were provided, the majority of respondents did not perceive cybercrime (generally) as serious. Further, greater adoption of cybercrime misbeliefs and frequent device use were significant predictors of perceived cybercrime seriousness only when behavioural definitions were given. In addition, older respondents were more likely to view cybercrime as serious, while men were less likely to view cybercrime as serious in both models. Collectively, the findings reveal the need for effective educational and awareness campaigns, which are discussed in detail.
In recent years, cybercrime has become one of the most rapidly growing areas of crime. The emergence of new technologies has presented new cybercrime opportunities that are becoming more sophisticated. As a result, individuals, corporations and government find themselves faced with many cybercrime threats that range from data breaches to ransomware. Some of the criminals responsible for these acts operate from the Deep Web, a segment of the Web that an ordinary person has no access or even knowledge of its existence. That is because the Web is segmented into Surface Web, where search engines such as Google or Bing have access and the Deep web is where normal search engines have no access. The Deep Web also contains a small portion called the Dark Web that is hidden from standard web browsers. Access to this portion of the web requires through specialized privacy tools with complex encryption and channeling techniques. This portion of the Web is where cybercriminals perform illegal e -commerce businesses, transnational money laundering, sell compromised banking information, specially crafted malware, leaked personal information and intellectual property. The trading of malware payloads, phishing toolkits and exploits by cybercriminals is also making it easier for anyone without comprehensive technical skills to participate in online illegal activities. South Africa has seen a rapid increase in cybercrime due to the growth and improvement broadband connectivity and ICT infrastructure in both the private and public sectors. The platform aims to address the cyber threat posed by these cyber activities that are taking place in the surface web and the dark web targeting the South African environment. The platform also includes multifaceted cybercrime combatting features, such as detecting and proactively identifying cybercrime activities, preventing and minimizing cybercrime through information sharing, and protecting users and relevant stakeholders against emerging cybercrime activities using proactive techniques.
Numerous factors such as sociodemographic characteristics contribute to cybercrime victimisation. Previous research suggests that neighbourhood plays a role in cybercrime perpetration. However, despite the theoretical importance and particular interest to law enforcement agencies and policymakers, local area variations in cybercrime victimisation have rarely been examined. Drawing on data from recorded cybercrime incidents within one of the largest police forces in England from a three-year period with a victim dataset of 5,270 individuals enhanced by the Census data, this research untangles the relationships between demographics of cybercrime victims and their resident area characteristics. Our work demonstrates that it is possible to apply statistical analysis to routinely collected police data to gain insight into the cybercrime victimisation that occurs across crime types in relation to demographics and area-level variations. The results of the study will provide valuable insights into policing cybercrime in England and beyond.
Cybercrime is a global, transnational serious problem that needs strong technical and legal responses. The information represents an important asset that must be secured and properly used as it provides the support for value creation and sustainable development. Being a valuable asset, the information is exposed to continuous and virulent attacks conducted by cybercrime groups and significant financial and human resources have to be allocated to the cybercrime limitation. The purpose of authors' research was to get more knowledge about cybercrime and attacker's behaviour and to develop a discussion on the cyber security and the means of its improvement. The research results attempt to provide useful recommendations on countermeasures against cybercrime and raise the awareness of companies' senior management and governments' representatives on cyber criminality.
In Digital Era, businesses and economy become global easily, helped by innovative technologies. Nowadays, mankind depends on Internet, computer and technology. Trade, services, data flows, have crossed the national borders, transforming into a global market that can be easily accessed. These new technologies like mobile internet, cloud technology or advanced robotics lead to economic growth, transform our lives, our jobs and the traditional business models, but also have a significant disadvantage: cause the evolution of the new type of crime - cybercrime. On the global scale, crimes are committed by electronic means, being facilitated by technological progress, considering the speed of data transfer or the number of persons connected globally to the network, anytime. The aim of this article is to present the challenges of Digital Era, the vulnerability to cybercrime, analysing the influence of digital technologies for cybercrime, including illicit financial flows. Also, it will be presented the newest cybercrime tactics and their costs, for explaining the significance of this phenomenon and for identifying ways of minimize its impact. Technological advance and globalization impose a fast adjustment to changes of the global business environment for succeed, but also for efficiently control cybercrime. The fight for cybercrime should be global, being absolutely necessary the international cooperation of organizations and countries in order to create and to permanently update the legal framework. Consequently, cybersecurity must represent an important objective offered by corporations and government, which must prevent cybercrimes, using technological advance as a benefit.
In this study it is carried out a detailed analysis of cybercrime related to the definition of this notion as well as to the concept of criminology in cyberspace. Also, in this study are presented and analyzed the virtual communities, being carried out an analysis about the role played by the criminal law in regulating virtual communities. It is also presented the concept of virtual worlds, being carried out an analysis of challenges for the criminal justice system.
Individuals, organizations and nation-states are increasingly falling victim to cyberattacks. A lot of research on how to understand the modus operandi of a cyber attacker through the MITRE ATT&CK framework, CAPEC enumeration and various cyber kill chain frame-works has been available for cyber incident responders for both pre-attack defensive posture preparation as well as post-attack mapping of the indicators. Cybercrime, on the other hand, has a very different set of motives, majorly financial, but also imper-sonation, harassment and hate crimes, which are targeted mostly towards individuals who are vulnerable. Investigative offcers in cyber cells around the world use various investigative processes in their attempt to solve a cybercrime incident, detect the criminal(s), recover the lost money, shut down the accounts of perpetrators, or bring down the cyber-criminal gangs involved in reported cyber-crime incidents. However, to the best of our knowledge, there is no framework to map the cybercrime incident narratives to the tactics, techniques and procedures (TTPs) used by cybercriminals, nor are the processes used by cybercrime investigating offcers mapped to such TTPs to create a systematic modus operandi for the in-vestigators to solve a cybercrime, cluster multiple crime incidents as attributable to a specific cybercrime operator, or systematically map a set of evidence collected to a pattern of TTPs. In this paper, we present a TTP-based framework for classified cybercrimes to formulate a comprehensive strategy for cybercrime interpretation and action recommendations for law enforcement offcers, which can be used as a reference point to establish targeted threat models and incident response methodologies for cybercrime investigations.
"Cybercrime investigations often transcend national boundaries. This creates problems for investigators because the procedural laws that govern the conduct of criminal investigations are territorially-based; that is, they apply only within the territory of the country which promulgated those laws. Cybercrime investigations often require that evidence be traced, preserved and collected in more than one country, which of course means that the process is governing by the laws of multiple nations. The formal processes that have been created to govern transnational evidence-gathering are cumbersome and ineffective in cybercrime investigations, which move quickly; officers therefore tend to rely on informal methods, which are idiosyncratic in nature."
This paper presents a cybercrime in medical devices such as all of devices feed in RJ-45. The reason of the physician can monitoring the patient's data from medical devices in hospital and how to protect them using technique of anti-crime, we study behavior of hacker to fine history of his/her crime and understanding cybercrime method. Finally we use as forensic evidence by analyzing signal data from a database of DSI database crime comparison with cybercrime investigation. The result was that there was no security in medical devices procedure bad effects.
Cybercrime investigators, in an attempt to rid Nigeria of cybercrime, go about arresting and demanding for digital devices, of unsuspecting members of the public, especially Nigerian youths. Upon seizing these digital devices, they compel the owners to surrender security features to gain access to the devices to fish for cybercrime evidence. The rampant nature of this investigative process partly culminated in the recent 'ENDSARS' protests in Nigeria that commenced in cyberspace with the hashtag #ENDSARS NOW. Although the ENDSARS protest has become a topic of discourse in the news, literature, and academic domain, there seems to be limited or no literature on the cybercrime perspectives of the protests. This paper seeks to answer the question: To what extent can cybercrime investigators legally gain access to digital devices and social networks of persons? It concludes that to avoid future protests against cybercrime investigators, implementing a structured cybercrime investigation process in conformity with best practices, as it is done in developed economies like the United States of America, is suggested.
This article aims to establish the particularities of cybercrime in Nigeria and whether these suggest problems with prevailing taxonomies of cybercrime. Nigeria is representative of the Sub-Saharan region, and an exemplary cultural context to illustrate the importance of incorporating social and contextual factors into cybercrime classifications. This paper anchors upon a basic principle of categorisation alongside motivational theories, to offer a tripartite conceptual framework for grouping cybercrime nexus. It argues that cybercrimes are motivated by three possible factors: socioeconomic, psychosocial and geopolitical. Whilst this contribution challenges the statistics relied on to inform the prevalence of cybercrime perpetrators across nations, it provides new ways of making sense of the voluminous variances of cybercrime. Concomitantly, it enables a clearer conceptualisation of cybercrime in Nigeria and elsewhere, because jurisdictional cultures and nuances apply online as they do offline. (C) 2016 The Author. Published by Elsevier Ltd.
"This keynote will explore the broader issue of using socio-technical artificial intelligence (AI) systems in criminology for responding to cybercrime and cybersecurity issues. It will focus upon the importance of matching the delivery of AI with the scientific (technical) claims for it within a socio-political world. By drawing upon research into cybercrime and cybersecurity (including recent ransomware research), the talk will discuss the realities, the strengths and weaknesses, of using AI with regard to attribution and investigating cybercrime, and also preventing attacks to systems. It will argue that the meanings, logic and understandings of AI systems differ across disciplines which can result in significant differences in expectations. The broad conclusion is that because of this an interdisciplinary approach needs to be taken and that AI it is not a silver bullet. AI systems may be useful, for example, in responding to some cybercrimes, but not others, or effective in addressing stages of a cybercrime event, such as preventing malware infection; and even then, only with some major caveats. More importantly, is the recognition that AI cannot actually make hard decisions, but it can reasonably inform aspects of the decision-making processes of practitioners, professionals, policy makers and politicians who are mandated to make them. It is not only important to match the delivery of scientific claims with consumer expectations in order to maintain public confidence in the public security sector, but also because an arms races is developing as offenders are also beginning to employ AI in a number of different ways to help them victimize individuals, organisations and nation states [1]. The first part of this talk will draw upon existing examples to explore the general issue of using socio-technical AI systems to deal with crime and policing in a risk society [2] [3], before identifying some of the additional challenges presented by AI and cybercrime and cybersecurity [4] [5]. The second part will look at the methodological and socio-political problems of delivering science solutions within a socio-political world. The third part will conclude by discussing the practical realities, strengths and weaknesses, of using AI regarding attribution and investigating cybercrime, and preventing attacks to systems."
Cybercrime is becoming ever more serious. Findings from the 2002 Computer Crime and Security Survey show an upward trend that demonstrates a need for a timely review of existing approaches to fighting this new phenomenon in the information age. In this paper, we define different types of cybercrime and review previous research and current status of fighting cybercrime in different countries that rely on legal, organizational, and technological approaches. We focus on a case study of fighting cybercrime in Taiwan and discuss problems faced. Finally, we propose several recommendations to advance the work of fighting cybercrime. (c) 2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Purpose: Endangerment from cybercrime is increasing since enterprises have become a part of the global cyberspace and are now more dependent on modern technology. Cyber criminality in the sphere of business comprises a wide circle of perpetrators, from individuals to organized groups. All of them represent a different level of threat/risk to information security, and that is why enterprises should be familiar with their own vulnerability. This paper shows the state of cybercrime in Slovenian enterprises and spotlights the most dangerous cyber threats on which security measures should be focused. Design/methodology/approach: The vulnerability of Slovenian organizations in regard to cybercrime was investigated with the use of a questionnaire and by statistical analysis of the survey responses. Theoretical premises were formed by using the descriptive method with analytical techniques and by a synthesis of various viewpoints proposed by different authors. Findings: Cybercrime in the business sphere is becoming more organized and sophisticated, since information is the base-stone of competitiveness in the corporate world. In this age of ubiquitous information and communication technology, unauthorized acquisition and use of information capital has become attainable to many perpetrators. We have concluded that the greatest threat to corporate information systems weren't the most common forms of cyber criminality but the less visible cybercrime techniques used by the most sophisticated and organized perpetrators. It is evident that the present level of protection against cybercrime is inadequate therefore significant changes in organizational information security policies should be made. Research limitations/implications: The survey and analysis of cyber criminality in the Slovenian corporate environment were limited to a relatively small number of respondents because most organizations refused to participate in the survey. This lessens the validity of the survey results. We have also encountered biased responses about how much damage certain organizations have already sustained, because publicly acknowledging information security incidences tarnishes business reputation. Originality/value: An overview of the vulnerability of information systems regarding the qualitative and quantitative effects of certain forms of cybercrime enabled us to identify critical vulnerabilities and the necessary measures which should be implemented to raise the current level of information security in the Slovenian corporate environment.
The mass-production of online websites is one of the most confrontations of detecting cybercriminal activities. Monitoring the construction or visitation of such websites is somewhat unsophisticated process if it relies on filtering the URL addresses alone, like Proxy. However, user online interactions can be concealed if passed through security protocols or anonymity networks, like Tor. Nowadays, Tor has been widely used to conceal website addresses, web page contents, user actions, and user anonymity. On the other hand, website traffic analysis and fingerprinting techniques endeavor to break such privacy by revealing user actions and anonymity. Basically, this is considered as a negative behavior. However, in this paper, we study how fingerprinting techniques can positively be adapted by Internet Service Providers to be used against Cybercrime activities. In other words, fingerprinting techniques can play a vital role for investigating and mitigating cybercrimes. We present several fingerprinting techniques and countermeasures from a cybercrime point of view. Then, we (1) illustrate how fingerprinting techniques can be applied as cybercrime investigation models, and (2) discuss the expected challenges of such application.
The causations of crimes that are relevant in the cyberspace concurrently impact in the physical space and vise versa. This paper aims to explore parents' perceptions of the factors that cause socioeconomic cybercrime in Nigeria. Despite a long-standing view that the juvenile offenders of today could become the hardened criminals of tomorrow, and the conclusions of a number of developmental theories on the stability of delinquency across the life course, the existing data on cybercrimes in Nigeria have principally been derived from studies involving university students. Yet, individuals' moral-standard-levels, which shape their offending capacities, are mostly developed in childhood. The empirical basis for this paper is face-to-face interviews with 17 Nigerian parents regarding children's vulnerability to involvement in cybercrime. Drawing upon qualitative data, this paper argues that a complex web of familial factors and structural forces, alongside cultural forces, explains the degree of cybercrime involvement on the part of Nigerian youths.
After a physical crime occurs an important action typically takes place: the reporting of the crime to the police. However, this action becomes more complex for a victim to properly execute when a cybercrime is experienced, which can be partly explained for instance by a lack of knowledge about cybercrimes and computer security. Cybercrime reporting is crucial because it can provide a multitude of data such as the prevalence of cybercrimes, the types and nature of the cybercrimes present, and the various resulting types of loss or harm (e.g., financial, psychological, emotional). Moreover, cybercrime reporting data is also actionable for two reasons: (1) prevention tips can be produced to educate users of how they can mitigate commonly occurring cybercrimes they may be faced with, and (2) the information provided can be useful for the appropriate law enforcement agencies to potentially reach a proper resolution for the cybercrime victim (i.e., the cybercriminal being caught, the recovery of stolen property). However, comparatively few academic works have focused on better understanding computer users' cybercrime reporting behaviors. In this paper, we first review the relevant literature, which predominantly focuses on the reasons that contribute to the underreporting of cybercrimes. Next, we highlight four particular challenges of cybercrime reporting. These challenges include the issue of computer users potentially having difficulty in properly identifying cybercrimes they may experience, fostering knowledge of how to report cybercrimes to the appropriate channels, providing incentives for cybercrime reporting, and the extent of feedback victims receive after filing a cybercrime report. Grounded in the surveyed literature and our previous work, we also provide a set of recommendations on how to approach these challenges in order to improve currently existing cybercrime reporting processes.
"Nowadays, many technology-based applications and systems embedded with cybercrimes threats and risks. Our communities lack the basic skills to secure against a smart cybercrime threats. This study conducted to test and evaluate the current cybercrime risks and awareness in Alnamas area, a district in the Southern part of Saudi Arabia. The study targeted a set of users who are highly familiar in using modern technology applications and services. All subjects are students from Bisha University, College of Science and Arts, Al-Namas. The study used 16 different parameters; each parameter covers a different cybercrime issue. The outputs showed that the reasons behind a cybercrime can be list in order as: sexual, financial, political, cultural, and fame. However, a social communication network is the most widely gateway for a cybercrime to occur (rate 69.6%). Generally, an anti-virus program is the only tool used as an anti-cybercrime technique. The results showed that, among the most common cybercrime occurred, is a sexual crime (registered the highest risk rate 57%). The study noticed that there is a lack of awareness in a cybercrime knowledge, and a strong interest for receiving an anti-cybercrime training modules (rate 80.7%)."
Underground forums contain many thousands of active users, but the vast majority will be involved, at most, in minor levels of deviance. The number who engage in serious criminal activity is small. That being said, underground forums have played a significant role in several recent high-profile cybercrime activities. In this work we apply data science approaches to understand criminal pathways and characterize key actors related to illegal activity in one of the largest and longest-running underground forums. We combine the results of a logistic regression model with k-means clustering and social network analysis, verifying the findings using topic analysis. We identify variables relating to forum activity that predict the likelihood a user will become an actor of interest to law enforcement, and would therefore benefit the most from intervention. This work provides the first step towards identifying ways to deter the involvement of young people away from a career in cybercrime.
Ensuring national security in cyberspace is becoming an increasingly important issue, given the growing number of cybercrimes due to adaptation to new security and protection technologies. The purpose of this article is to study the features of counteracting, preventing, and detecting crimes in the virtual space of Ukraine on the example of cases and analysis of the State Center for Cyber Defense and Countering Cyber Threats CERT-UA and the Cyber Police Department of the National Police of Ukraine. The research methodology is based on the method of analysis and study of cases of crime detection in the virtual environment of the State Center for Cyber Defense and Countering Cyber Threats CERT-UA and the Cyber Police Department of the National Police of Ukraine. The results show that the consistent development of the legal framework in 2016-2020 and the development of a cyber-defense strategy for 2021-2025 had a positive impact on the institution-building and detection of cybercrime in Ukraine. Establishing cooperation with developed countries (USA) has helped to combat cybercrime by facilitating investigations by US law enforcement agencies. This means that international experience is effective for developing countries as a way to quickly understand the threats and risks of cybercrime. In Ukraine, the main number of incidents concerns the distribution of malicious software in the public sector. In the private sector, cyber police are largely confronted with the misappropriation of citizens' income through Internet technology. The practical value of this study is to systematize the experience of overcoming cybercrime on the example of cases of crime detection in a virtual environment.
This study analyzes 0-day vulnerabilities in the broader context of cybercrime and economic markets. The work is based on the interviews of several leading experts and on a field research of the authors. In particular, cybercrime is considered when involving traditional criminal activities or when military operations are involved. A description of different 0-day vulnerability markets - White, Black and Government markets - is provided, as well as the characteristics of malware factories and their major customers are discussed.
Purpose The purpose of this paper is to use Maguire's (2003) theory of police organizations to explain whether police agencies dedicate specific personnel to cybercrime response. Design/methodology/approach Data from this study come from the 2013 Law Enforcement Management and Statistics survey. Maguire's (2003) theory of the organizational structure of police organizations is used to measure organizational variables related to context, complexity and control. Logistic regression is used to examine whether these organizational characteristics are related to cybercrime response. Findings The results suggest that organizational context, complexity and control are related to cybercrime response. Specifically, in terms of context, larger agencies, agencies whose officers engage in more non-routine tasks, and agencies governed by an active collective bargaining agreement are more likely to dedicate specific resources to cybercrime. In terms of complexity, agencies with more hierarchical layers, agencies that utilize more specialization and agencies that make greater use of civilian employees are more likely to dedicate specific personnel to cybercrime. Finally, regarding control, agencies that assign non-sworn personnel to administrative tasks are more likely to dedicate resources to cybercrime response. Originality/value This study is one of the first to use this framework to examine the relationship between organizational characteristics and cybercrime response. It shows that this perspective can be useful for understanding police organizations and police policies, programs and strategies.
Nowadays, cybercrime is growing rapidly around the world, as new technologies, applications and networks emerge. In addition, the Deep Web has contributed to the growth of illegal activities in cyberspace. As a result, cybercriminals are taking advantage of system vulnerabilities for their own benefit. This article presents the history and conceptualization of cybercrime, explores different categorizations of cybercriminals and cyberattacks, and sets forth our exhaustive cyberattack typology, or taxonomy. Common categories include where the computer is the target to commit the crime, where the computer is used as a tool to perpetrate the felony, or where a digital device is an incidental condition to the execution of a crime. We conclude our study by analyzing lessons learned and future actions that can be undertaken to tackle cybercrime and harden cybersecurity at all levels.
"The advancement of information and communication technologies opens new venues and ways for cybercriminals to commit crime. There are several different types of cybercrime offences that need to be treated in a separate and different manner. The major international source that provides guidelines for treatment of cybercrime is the Convention on Cybercrime adopted by the Council of Europe and the European Commission Action Plan. The purpose of the paper is to present, discuss and analyze the Macedonian legislation treating cybercrime, with respect to the specific cases typically encountered in practice and the international guidelines concerning cybercrime. The major source of cybercrime legislation in Macedonia is the Criminal Code with provisions thereof in ten of its articles; it addresses cybercrimes such as personal data abuse, copyright and piracy issues, production and distribution of child pornography, computer viruses, intrusions into computer systems, computer fraud and computer forgery. We also present and analyze reports on cybercrime complaints and victims from Macedonia, issued by the Internet Crime Complaint Center and the Macedonian Ministry of Internal Affairs. The reports reveal the unusually high number of complaints for perpetrators and victims originating from Macedonia. Furthermore, we highlight several recent cybercrime cases reported in Macedonia. All things considered, the Macedonian penal legislation is modern and it follows the current European and world standards. It provides guidelines for successful resolution of cybercrime committed in the Republic of Macedonia. However, it could be improved by a more active inclusion of Macedonian authorities in the global response to cybercrime and by stronger enforcement of cybercrime prevention measures and strategies."
With the development of ICT and the Internet, there was barely any inclination that it could transform itself into a pervading revolution that could be misused for criminal activities. Cybercrime is increasing more rapidly than expected. IBM estimated in 2016 that by 2019 the global cost of cybercrime will reach $2 trillion, a threefold increase from the 2015 estimate of $500 billion. Organised crime is using cyber platforms in a much more sophisticated way that requires a highly skilled and specialised law enforcement response. Cryptocurrencies creates the opportunity for criminals to hide proceeds and the use of cryptocurrency mining malware is resulting in cybercriminals believing they are cashing in on unprecedented successes of these currencies. Regulatory measures have to be updated to effectively respond to unlawful activities relating to cybercrime. A holistic approach must be used by governments to develop a strategy and implementation plan to address the phenomenon of cybercrime for law enforcement. Currently, most African countries address cybercrime in an uncoordinated and fragmented way. This paper presents a framework for African countries to develop and implement a national cybercrime strategy.
The Internet can be a double-edged sword. While offering a range of benefits, it also provides an opportunity for criminals to extend their work to areas previously unimagined. Every country faces the same challenges regarding the fight against cybercrime and how to effectively promote security for its citizens and organisations. The main aim of this study is to introduce and apply a data-mining technique (decision-tree) to cybercrime profiling. This paper also aims to draw attention to the growing number of cybercrime victims, and the relationship between online behaviour and computer victimisation. This study used secondhand data collected for a study was carried out using Jordan as a case study to investigate whether or not individuals effectively protect themselves against cybercrime, and to examine how perception of law influences actions towards incidents of cybercrime. In Jordan, cybercafes have become culturally acceptable alternatives for individuals wishing to access the Internet in private, away from the prying eyes of society.
This Modern Technology is almost inspirable from our daily life. Since its beginning in the 1990s, the internet has a vast electronic network. This network consist of millions of devices which is hyper-connected to each other. With the advancement of technology in last few decades in each sector, cyber crime is also increases day by day using these technologies. Cybercrime is a crime that involves in a computer and a network. In the 21 century, cyber criminals are so smart and working in collaborative manner which makes cybercrime as serious issues for all over the world. These types of people done several types of crime like fmancial crimes, cyber pornography, online gambling, cyber defamation, virus/warm, web jacking, email spoofing, data diddling etc. It is necessary to fight back to these types of culprits to save the people, so there are several organizations who are continuously working to prevent cybercrime like Government agencies, Police department, Cyber crime bureau etc. Cyber security means protecting infonnation and information systems (networks, computers, data bases, data centers and applications) with technological security. When we hear about Cyber crime Our focus is gone on cyber Security. In this paper, we gives detailed infonnation regarding cybercrime and how can we prevent crime and its internal security, types of crime, internal security challenges, cases of internal security. With increasing use of information technology (IT) enabled services such as e-governance, online business and electronic transactions protection of personal and sensitive data have assumed paramount importance. The economic growth of any nation and its internal security depends on how well is its cyberspace secured and protected.
Cybercrime and cyberterrorism remain important problems of today's society. Insufficient resources for the fight against cybercrime and cyberterrorism require research activities in this field to be allocated where the gaps exist. This paper presents results of the COURAGE project process to identify missing research items in the area of cybercrime and cyberterrorism. In total, 12 main issues that need further research are identified and described in detail. The results that are part of the COURAGE research agenda are important for various stakeholders, such as researchers, industry, policy makers, and law enforcement agencies.
As the world becomes increasingly connected and interdependent upon technology, crimes are moving online. Research on cybercrime is beginning to test the applicability of traditional criminological theories for understanding crime in this new medium. Using a national sample of 215 self-admitted cybercriminals, we examine Messner and Rosenfeld's institutional anomie theory. Negative binomial regressions reveal that expressed levels of institutional anomie correlate with increased cybercrime activity. A curvilinear relationship was found, such that low and high levels of institutional anomie lead to higher levels of cybercrime. Our findings reveal how the dark side of the American Dream can lead to online criminality. Specifically, the penetration of, and accommodation to economic values dictated by American capitalism can lead individuals to adopt values such as the fetishism of money that, in turn, affects their online behavior and criminality.
In recent years, a new term has arisen cybercrime-which essentially denotes the use of computer technology to commit or to facilitate the commission of unlawful acts, or crimes. This article explains why we treat cybercrime as a special class of crime and why we need special statutes to define cybercrime offenses. It explains the relationship between state and federal law, notes the various types of cybercrimes and surveys the offenses that are created by state and federal law in the United States.
"This article shows that while cybercrime and counterfeiting are related phenomena, they do not necessarily form a single global hybrid system; each network retains its own characteristics. By juxtaposing our current conceptual understandings of cybercrime and counterfeiting, we destabilize both concepts and rethink the fundamentals. We also offer some analytical tools that can enable more focused and effective countermeasures."
Artificial monitoring is no longer able to match the rapid growth of cybercrime, it is in great need to develop a new spatial analysis technology which allows emergency events to get rapidly and accurately locked in real environment, furthermore, to establish correlative analysis model for cybercrime prevention strategy. On the other hand, Geography information system has been changed virtually in data structure, coordinate system and analysis model due to the uncertainty and hyper-dimension characteristics of network object and behavior. In this paper, the spatial rules of typical cybercrime are explored on base of GIS with Internet searching and IP tracking technology: (1) Setup spatial database through IP searching based on criminal evidence. (2) Extend GIS data-structure and spatial models, add network dimension and virtual attribution to realize dynamic connection between cyber and real space. (3) Design cybercrime monitoring and prevention system to discover the cyberspace logics based on spatial analysis.
This article examines the feasibility of designing and implementing a cybercrime prevention monitoring approach to enhance the quality of knowledge about policies that aim to reduce the prevalence and impact of online harms. Despite very significant investments made by governments over the past decade to improve the cybersecurity of publicly and privately-operated computer systems, there is very limited systematic knowledge about what cybercrime prevention policies have been adopted in various parts of the world and even less knowledge about their effectiveness in reducing the exposure of individuals and organizations to cybercrime. Borrowing from the policy monitoring (or policy surveillance) methodology that was developed in a broad range of fields such as public health and education, this article argues that such an approach would be critical in advancing our understanding of what is being done to control cybercrime, what works, what doesn't, and what is promising. This article provides an overview of the principles and benefits of the policy monitoring approach, reviews the main features of a sample of 18 policy monitoring platforms, assesses a dozen cybersecurity policy rating initiatives-concluding that very few of them include cybercrime in their framework, then provides a template for the creation of a dedicated cybercrime prevention monitoring tool that would benefit academics, policy-makers and practitioners.
Purpose Cybercrime rates have increased rapidly during the last couple of decades, resulting in cybercrimes becoming common crimes. However, most victims do not report cybercrimes to the police. Therefore, this study examines reporting cybercrime victimization and provides insights into the role of the police in this process. Design/methodology/approach A sample of 595 individuals was used. All respondents were shown three vignettes about hypothetical cybercrime victimization and were asked to imagine that this situation happened to them. Four crime and reporting characteristics were manipulated across vignettes. Respondents' intentions to report to the police and to other organizations were used as the dependent variables in regression analyses. Four random factors in the vignettes (i.e. type of crime, seriousness of crime, victim-perpetrator relationship, and reporting modality), as well as several characteristics of the respondents were included in the regression models as independent variables. Findings The type of cybercrime is the most important predictor for reporting behaviors. Other determinants are: more serious offenses were more often reported and offenses are less often reported in situations where the victim personally knows the perpetrator. Furthermore, there is large discrepancy between intended and actual cybercrime reporting. These findings provide valuable insights into the factors that influence reporting behavior in the real world. Only a fifth of respondents indicated that they would not report cybercrime victimization to the police. This implies that attempts at improving reporting rates should not solely be focused on improving people's attitudes, but also on removing obstacles to turn these attitudes into actions. Originality/value In the current study, the authors contribute to the existing literature by asking a large sample from the general population in the Netherlands about both their intended reporting behavior (i.e. a vignette study) and their actual reporting behavior (i.e. self-reports) of victimization of a wide variety of different types of cybercrime. Determinants of both reporting to the police as well as to other organizations are examined. Moreover, respondents are asked about motivations behind their decision to (not) report a cybercrime to the police. Last, people were asked about their past experiences with reporting cybercrime victimization to the police.
"Purpose This paper explores the various challenges associated with policing cybercrime, arguing that a failure to improve law enforcement responses to cybercrime may negatively impact their institutional legitimacy as reliable first responders. Further, the paper makes preliminary links between cybercrime and the paradigm of evidence-based policing (EBP), providing suggestions on how the paradigm can assist, develop, and improve a myriad of factors associated with policing cybercrime. Design/methodology/approach Three examples of prominent cybercrime incidents will be explored under the lens of institutional theory: the cyberextortion of Amanda Todd; the hacking of Ashley Madison; and the 2013 Target data breach. Findings EBP approaches to cybercrime can improve the effectiveness of existing and future approaches to cybercrime training, recruitment, as well as officers' preparedness and awareness of cybercrime. Research limitations/implications - Future research will benefit from determining what types of training work at the local, state/provincial, and federal level, as well as evaluating both current and new cybercrime policing programs and strategies. Practical implications - EBP approaches to cybercrime have the potential to improve police responses to cybercrime calls for service, save police resources, improve police-public relations during calls for service, and improve police legitimacy. Originality/value This paper links cybercrime policing to the paradigm of EBP, highlighting the need for evaluating and implementing effective evidence-based approaches to policing cybercrime."
"Public cloud users interact online or offline using natural language. While the language used could be in Xhosa, English, Afrikaans, Zulu or Ndebele, the core component is communication. Therefore, natural language is the language that people speak, listen to and understand. This is the same language that a public cloud user, uses to interact with another human and/or machine components of the public cloud. Meanwhile the same natural language is sometimes used by cybercrime attackers to achieve their aims when targeting users of the public cloud. The targeting of the users could be attributed to the user's basic knowledge of the public cloud when seeking information or relationship formation, thereby unintentionally revealing points of vulnerabilities that often expose them to cybercrime attacks. A challenge to traditional digital forensic processes in the public cloud environment is the inability to retrieve an inactive cloud instance due to its volatile nature. Because of the variety of cybercrime attacks which are based on natural language, this research has developed a taxonomy for cybercrime attacks in the public cloud that is based on natural language. The taxonomy identifies the various cybercrime attacks which are derived from scholarly literature and the attack approaches are grouped as follows; (i) Non-technical induced cybercrime attack approach, (ii) Technical induced cybercrime attack approach, and (iii) Hybrid cybercrime attack approach. The research finds that the non-technical induced cybercrime attacks accounts for 61% of the cybercrime attacks in the public cloud, thus comprising the largest of the three groups. Due to the inadequacy of traditional digital forensic processes to deal with the challenges posed by cybercrime in the public cloud, this research concludes with the proposal of a high level model for digital forensic readiness for the public cloud."
Cybercrime may destabilise organisations and society due to the social, financial, emotional, psychological, and physical impacts. The purpose of this paper was to investigate cybercrime reporting behaviour and the factors that influence it. South African state-owned entities were the focus of attention given their strategic role, which requires that attention be given to improving their cybersecurity practices, such as cybercrime reporting in an increasingly digital society. The conceptual framework was developed using themes from the cybercrime literature, and the Theory of Planned Behaviour (TPB) as a lens. The study used a quantitative method, and data was collected online using a questionnaire survey. One hundred and three complete responses were received from employees working in South African state-owned entities. Factors that were identified as influencing cybercrime reporting behaviour were self-efficacy and facilitating conditions.
We know surprisingly little about the prevalence and severity of cybercrime in the U.S. Yet, in order to prioritize the development and distribution of advice and technology to protect end users, we require empirical evidence regarding cybercrime. Measuring crime, including cybercrime, is a challenging problem that relies on a combination of direct crime reports to the government - which have known issues of under-reporting - and assessment via carefullydesigned self-report surveys. We report on the first large-scale, nationally representative academic survey (n=11,953) of consumer cybercrime experiences in the U.S. Our analysis answers four research questions: (1) What is the prevalence and (2) the monetary impact of these cybercrimes we measure in the U.S.?, (3) Do inequities exist in victimization?, and (4) Can we improve cybercrime measurement by leveraging social-reporting techniques used to measure physical crime? Our analysis also offers insight toward improving future measurement of cybercrime and protecting users.
The threat of cybercrime is becoming increasingly complex and diverse on putting citizen's data or money in danger. Cybercrime threats are often originating from trusted, malicious, or negligent insiders, who have excessive access privileges to sensitive data. The analysis of cybercrime insider investigation presents many opportunities for actionable intelligence on improving the quality and value of digital evidence. There are several advantages of applying Deep Packet Inspection (DPI) methods in cybercrime insider investigation. This paper introduces DPI method that can help investigators in developing new techniques and performing digital investigation process in forensically sound and timely fashion manner. This paper provides a survey of the packet inspection, which can be applied to cybercrime insider investigation.
"Many activities related to cybercrime operations do not require much secrecy, such as developing websites or translating texts. This research provides indications that many users of a popular public internet marketing forum have connections to cybercrime. It does so by investigating the involvement in cybercrime of a population of users interested in internet marketing, both at a micro and macro scale. The research starts with a case study of three users confirmed to be involved in cybercrime and their use of the public forum. It provides a first glimpse that some business with cybercrime connections is being conducted in the clear. The study then pans out to investigate the forum population's ties with cybercrime by finding crossover users, that is, users from the public forum who also comment on cybercrime forums. The cybercrime forums on which they discuss are analyzed and the crossover users' strength of participation is reported. Also, to assess if they represent a sub-group of the forum population, their posting behavior on the public forum is compared with that of non-crossover users. This blend of analyses shows that (i) a minimum of 7.2% of the public forum population are crossover users that have ties with cybercrime forums; (ii) their participation in cybercrime forums is limited; and (iii) their posting behavior is relatively indistinguishable from that of non-crossover users. This is the first study to formally quantify how users of an internet marketing public forum, a space for informal exchanges, have ties to cybercrime activities. We conclude that crossover users are a substantial part of the population in the public forum, and even though they have thus far been overlooked, their aggregate effect in the ecosystem must be considered. This study opens new research questions on cybercrime participation that should consider online spaces beyond their cybercrime branding."
This paper outlines the main risks associated with various types of hacker activities, analyzes the main trends in the development of the Russian cybercrime market, estimates the shares and the financial performance of the Russian segment of the global cybercrime market, and forecasts market trends for 2012.
This work introduces the special edited issue on the human factor in cybercrime research.
Criminal computer data legislation in Ireland dates to 1991, however its next iteration was not until 2017. Its implementation is still in its infancy and needs an effective, consistent constitutional framework to ensure accountability and action. Irish legislation is important for monitoring 30% ofEU data but is limited in its belated modermSation. Therefore, it is important for personal, criminal, and national security defining cybercrime legislation to review current Irish legislation of technology related crimes. Statistics alone cannot interpret legislative efficacy, and therefore qualitative understanding the experiences of digital security practitioners whose professions are directed by relevant legislation could produce beneficial insights. This research analysed interviews with seventeen digital security experts about their professional experiences and opinions relating to cybercrime legislation. Primary emergent themes were identified as: Awareness and prioritisation, jurisdiction and reporting limits, technological advances and the legislative sprawl of dealing with cybercrime today. This research contributes to Irish legal understandings of cybercrime regulation and technology use today and suggests how to address legislative developments in the future, based on the experiences of an expert security panel.
On 19 August 2011, the ECOWAS Council of Ministers adopted Directive C/DIR.1/08/11 on Fighting Cybercrime at its Sixty Sixth Ordinary Session in Abuja, Nigeria. The adoption of the Directive at that time arose from the need to tackle the growing trend in cybercrime within the ECOWAS region, as some Member States were already gaining global notoriety as major sources of email scams and Internet fraud. Accordingly, the Directive established a legal framework for the control of cybercrime within the ECOWAS region, and also imposed obligations on Member States to establish the necessary legislative, regulatory and administrative measures to tackle cybercrime. In particular, the Directive required Member States to implement those obligations not later than 1st January, 2014. This article undertakes an inquiry into the legal status of the Directive as an ECOWAS regional instrument in the domestic legal systems of Member States. In this regard, the article examines whether the requirement regarding the superiority or direct applicability of ECOWAS Community laws such as ECOWAS Acts and Regulations in the domestic legal systems of Member States also apply to ECOWAS Directives such as the Cybercrime Directive. The article also examines the legal implications of the Directive's obligations for Member States. The article argues that while some Member States have not implemented the obligations under the Directive, that those obligations however provide a legal basis for holding Member States accountable, where the failure to implement has encouraged the perpetration of cybercrime that infringed fundamental rights guaranteed under human right instruments such as the African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights or under their national laws. (C) 2019 Uchenna Jerome Orji. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Even though the dark number is especially high for cybercrimes, it is unclear by whom and to whom cybercrime is reported. Therefore, this study will answer the following questions: (1) who reports cybercrime incidents, and (2) to whom do victims report cybercrime? Analyses based on survey data including 334 recent cybercrime victims, indicate that 73.4% of victims do not report the incident. Cybercrime victims who do report are significantly older. In addition, 40.4% of the reporting victims notified the police, while others contacted a wide diversity of organizations. Based on these results, awareness raising campaigns should especially encourage young victims to report cybercrime incidents to the police. It would moreover be useful to appoint and promote a more centralized reporting channel.
Cybercrime and the threat it creates are growing in its reach, in accordance with similar growth in information technology. Some countries account for more of the variation in cybercrime activity than others, which affects less criminally involved nations as well, considering that cybercrime does not respect national borders over the Internet. Routine activity theory (RAT) has been used to explain cybercrime at the individual level, but not at the national level. Much research has focused on high cybercrime countries, but this research is often conducted by cybersecurity firms and is exclusively descriptive, making no inferences. This research sought to determine what characteristics predict whether a nation is high in either spamming activity or phishing activity. In a sample of 132 countries, it was found that wealthier nations with more Internet users per capita had higher cybercrime activity. Unemployment was also found to interact with Internet users such that the effect of the proportion of Internet users on spam was strongest in nations with higher unemployment. The implications these findings have for policy and suggestions for future research are discussed.
Compared to other topics, cybercrime is a relatively new addition to the criminological literature. Interest in the topic has grown over the past decade, with a Iran, of scholars leading efforts to generate empirical understanding about the topic. Common conclusions reached in these studies are that more research is needed, cybercrime is interdisciplinary in nature, and cybercrime should be addressed as an international problem. In this study, we examine a sample of 593 prior cybercrime scholarly articles to identify the types of research strategies used in them, the patterns guiding those strategies, whether the research is interdisciplinary, and the degree to which scholars engage in international cybercrime studies. Attention is also given to co-authorship as well citation patterns. Implications for future research are provided.
Purpose of ReviewSince the pandemic, the daily activities of many people occur at home. People connect to the Internet for work, school, shopping, entertainment, and doctor visits, including psychiatrists. Concurrently, cybercrime has surged worldwide. This narrative review examines the changing use of technology, societal impacts of the pandemic, how cybercrime is evolving, individual vulnerabilities to cybercrime, and special concerns for those with mental illness.Recent FindingsHuman factors are a central component of cybersecurity as individual behaviors, personality traits, online activities, and attitudes to technology impact vulnerability. Mental illness may increase vulnerability to cybercrime. The risks of cybercrime should be recognized as victims experience long-term psychological and financial consequences. Patients with mental illness may not be aware of the dangers of cybercrime, of risky online behaviors, or the measures to mitigate risk.SummaryTechnology provides powerful tools for psychiatry but technology must be used with the appropriate safety measures. Psychiatrists should be aware of the potential aftermath of cybercrime on mental health, and the increased patient risk since the pandemic, including from online mental health services. As a first step to increase patient awareness of cybercrime, psychiatrists should provide a recommended list of trusted sources that educate consumers on cybersecurity.
Cybercrime is not only a social ill but it does also pose a tremendous threat to our virtual world of personal, corporate and national data security. The recent global cyberattack of WannaCry ransomware has created an adverse effect on worldwide financials, healthcare and educational sectors, highlighting the poor state of cyber security and its failure. This growing class of cyber attackers is gradually becoming one of the fundamental security concerns that require immediate attention of security researchers. This paper explores why the volume and severity of cyberattacks are far exceeding with the capabilities of their mitigation techniques and how the preventive safety measures could reduce the losses from cybercrime for such type of attacks in future. It further expresses the need to have a better technological vision and stronger defenses, to change the picture where human cognition might be the next big weapon as a security assurance toolkit.
This paper argues the need for considering mitigating circumstances in cybercrime. Mitigating circumstances are conditions which moderate the culpability of an offender of a committed offence. Our argument is based on several observations. The cyberspace introduces a new family of communication and interaction styles and designs which could facilitate, make available, deceive, and in some cases persuade, a user to commit an offence. User's lack of awareness could be a valid mitigation when using software features introduced without a proper management of change and enough precautionary mechanisms, e.g. warning messages. The cyber behaviour of users may not be necessarily a reflection of their real character and intention. Their irrational and unconscious actions may result from their immersed and prolonged presence in a particular cyber context. Hence, the consideration of the cyberspace design, the cyber psychological status of an offender and their inter-relation could form a new family of mitigating circumstances inherent and unique to cybercrime. This paper elaborates on this initial argument from different perspectives including software engineering, cyber psychology, digital forensics, social responsibility and law.
Cybercrime is a growing threat to organizations and individuals worldwide, with criminals using sophisticated techniques to breach security systems and steal sensitive data. This paper aims to comprehensively survey the latest advancements in cybercrime prediction, highlighting the relevant research. For this purpose, we reviewed more than 150 research articles and discussed 50 most recent and appropriate ones. We start the review with some standard methods cybercriminals use and then focus on the latest machine and deep learning techniques, which detect anomalous behavior and identify potential threats. We also discuss transfer learning, which allows models trained on one dataset to be adapted for use on another dataset. We then focus on active and reinforcement learning as part of early-stage algorithmic research in cybercrime prediction. Finally, we discuss critical innovations, research gaps, and future research opportunities in Cybercrime prediction. This paper presents a holistic view of cutting-edge developments and publicly available datasets.
Reports of cybercrime being committed by people on the autism spectrum often imply that autism may be more prevalent among cybercriminals than the general population, although this remains unproven. In an online survey of 302 participants, we found that autistic individuals (n = 25) were more likely to report engagement in cybercrime than non-autistic individuals, but this relationship was not mediated by advanced digital skills or deficits in theory of mind. Furthermore, independent of autism diagnosis, autistic traits were not significantly associated with self-reported cyber-criminality. We propose that there may be additional factors moderating the relationship between autism, autistic traits, and cybercrime, such as specific autistic characteristics, understanding of cybercrime, and willingness to disclose criminal activity.
Today's cybercrimes are much more difficult to detect and prosecute than traditional crimes. In the investigation of cybercrimes, law enforcement agencies follow similar techniques to traditional crimes that, however, have to be modified to meet the unique conditions and requirements of virtual space. This paper examines cybercrime profiling techniques prevalent today, and focuses on the feasibility of applying geographic profiling technique to cyber offenders. The primary assumption of the research is that for most types of cybercrime, the steps during the procedure of committing criminal act are not random. For example, the choice of the victim, the choice of crime location, similar characteristics, follow a certain logic, which could provide information about the offender's crime. Testing the utility of a geographical profiling has been carried out on real cybercrime samples obtained by law enforcement agencies. This paper aims to apply the concept of geographic profiling to the issue of cybercrime that involve a physical world, targeting two types of cybercrimes: credit card skimming and spear phishing. Specially developed GeoCrime geographic profiling software designed to assist in the mapping, spatial and statistical analysis of cybercrime patterns was used. The results of the study have shown the possibility of applying geographic profiling to certain types of cybercrimes and under the certain conditions. The importance of geographic profiling is also emphasized, especially in situations where little is known about the offender, such as in cybercrime, where offenders use the Internet to hide their identities and activities. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
This volume highlights the central role of the human factor in cybercrime and the need to develop a more interdisciplinary research agenda to understand better the constant evolution of online harms and craft more effective responses. The term human factor is understood very broadly and encompasses individual, institutional, and societal dimensions. It covers individual human behaviors and the social structures that enable collective action by groups and communities of various sizes, as well as the different types of institutional assemblages that shape societal responses. This volume is organized around three general themes whose complementary perspectives allow us to map the complex interplay between offenders, machines, and victims, moving beyond static typologies to offer a more dynamic analysis of the cybercrime ecology and its underlying behaviors. The contributions use quantitative and qualitative methodologies and bring together researchers from the United States, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Denmark, Australia, and Canada.
Understanding the sequences of processes needed to perform a cybercrime is crucial for effective interventions. However, generating these supply chains currently requires time-consuming manual effort. We propose a method that leverages machine learning and graph-based analysis to efficiently extract supply chains from cybercrime forums. Our supply chain detection algorithm can identify 33% and 42% relevant chains within major English and Russian forums, respectively, showing improvements over the baselines of 11% and 5%, respectively. Our analysis of the supply chains demonstrates underlying connections between products and services that are potentially useful understanding and undermining the illicit activity of these forums. For example, our extracted supply chains illuminate cash out and money laundering techniques and their importance to the functioning of these forums.
The Convention of Cybercrime is the first international instrument in preventing and combating cybercrime. Over time, some concerns were expressed whereby this Convention would be overcome by the (unprecedented) development of technology, given the date of opening for signature (23 November 2011). In this context, the Cybercrime Convention Committee (T-CY) decided, at its 8th Plenary (December 2012), to issue guidance notes, which represents the common understanding of the Parties on the use of the Convention and are intended at facilitating the effective use and implementation of this Convention, also in the light of technological progress and the legal and political as well.
The prevalence of cybercrime has increased rapidly over the last decades and has become part of the everyday life of citizens. It is, therefore, of great importance to gain more knowledge on the factors related to an increased or decreased likelihood of becoming a cybercrime victim. The current study adds to the existing body of knowledge using a large representative sample of Dutch individuals (N= 3,648) to study the relationship between cybercrime victimization and the key traits from the Big Five model of personality (i.e., extraversion, agreeableness, conscientiousness, emotional stability, and openness to experience). First, multinomial logistic regression analyses were used to examine the associations between the personality traits and three victim groups, that is, cybercrime victims versus nonvictims, traditional crime victims versus nonvictims, and cybercrime victims versus traditional crime victims. Next, logistic regression analyses were performed to predict victimization of cyber-dependent crimes (i.e., hacking and virus infection) and cyber-enabled crimes (i.e., online intimidation, online consumer fraud, and theft from bank account). The analyses show that personality traits are not specifically associated with cybercrime victimization, but rather with victimization in general. Only those with higher scores on emotional stability were less likely to become a victim of cybercrime than traditional crime. Furthermore, the results indicate that there are little differences between personality traits related to victimization of cyber-enabled and cyber-dependent crimes. Only individuals with higher scores on openness to experience have higher odds of becoming a victim of cyber-enabled crimes.
The Internet and related technology development have increased cybercrime perpetration and victimization opportunities. Individuals who have experienced victimization in the past are fearful of cybercrime. Yet, despite the increase in diversified cybercrime, previous studies have used inaccurate, aggregated measures of victimization and fear. This study uses domain-specific cybercrime victimization and fear measures to clarify the relationships between the two. We further investigate how the level of informed risk of cybercrime, which is fundamental to creating effective policies for combating cybercrime, moderates such associations. Utilizing the 2019 Eurobarometer (N = 20,400, country N = 28), we conducted a separate analysis for each of the 10 types of cybercrime. As expected, a multilevel regression analysis revealed that victims are more likely to fear a type of cybercrime that they have experienced before. More interestingly, such associations are statistically significant for specific types of cybercrime depending on the level of informed risk. Based on these findings, we discuss policy implications for developing and revising campaigns and educational programs for cybercrime victims and the general public and increasing international institutional cooperation.
"This research work is to bring to light, the danger posed by Cyber Crime in the world generally and Nigeria in particular with the hope that policy makers will work with the recommendations and practical combating framework design of this research work. In order to achieve this, the following approaches were adopted; survey of some common Cybercrime in Nigeria with the frequency of occurrence and design of a frame work system to combat the crime. The system design controls and track cyber criminals on the Nigerian cyber space. The paper proposes the establishment of National Cybercrime Control Center ( NCCC) to effect this system. The Security Agents could obtain tracked information from NCCC as evidence to arrest and prosecute cybercriminals."
We recently rejected the hypothesis that increases in cybercrime may have caused the international crime drop. Critics subsequently argued that offenders switched from physical crime to cybercrime in recent years, and that lifestyle changes due to 'leisure IT' may have caused the international crime drop. Here we explain how the critics misrepresented our argument and do not appear to introduce anything new.
While the internet has had a profound effect on all aspects of modern living, its use does make businesses and individuals vulnerable to being targeted by cybercriminals. Cybercrime rates have been found to increase year-on-year, and the consequences include financial and reputational damage, loss of privacy and breaches of intellectual property. The United Arab Emirates (UAE) has become a major target for cybercriminals due to its high levels of economic activity and tourism, significant uptake of technology, and the rise of the oil and gas industry. The UAE Government has introduced changes to its single cybercrime law, but there are concerns that it is not suitably comprehensive to provide adequate protections of UAE citizens and residents. This article reviews the protections provided by the law through interview results, and comparisons to other, similar laws internationally. It then offers recommendations on how the law can be improved, to make people feel safer in their usage of the internet and internet-connected technologies.
Currently, along with the maturity and widespread of computer technology and Internet, cybercrime are worsening. Therefore, it not only brings harm to the society, but also brings problems to traditional forensics. So it is very important for the university to develop a related course and train students to deal with information crime and computer forensics. East China University of Politics and Law has set up a college course named cybercrime and computer forensics for undergraduate students for six years and done some researches. Both of them get great achievements.
In recent years there has been an increase in cybercrimes and its negative impacts on the lives of individuals, organizations, and governments. It has been argued that a better understanding of cybercrime is a necessary condition to develop appropriate legal and policy responses to cybercrime. While a universally agreed-upon classification scheme would facilitate the development of such understanding and also collaborations, current classification schemes are insufficient, fragmented and often incompatible since each focuses on different perspectives (e.g., role of the computer, attack, attacker's or defender's viewpoint), or uses varying terminologies to refer to the same thing, making consistent cybercrime classifications improbable. In this paper we present and illustrate a new cybercrime ontology that incorporates multiple perspectives and offers a more holistic viewpoint for cybercrime classification than prior works. It should therefore prove to be a more useful tool for cybercrime stakeholders.
This article discusses the challenges faced by law enforcement agencies when investigating cybercrime. The article presents the technical investigation roles necessary for cybercrime policing in a resource capability matrix. Adopting a standard resource capability framework across the wider law enforcement community will assist in the development of common policies and procedures, and will maximize the efficiency and effectiveness of cybercrime investigation in a shrinking global economy.
The article examines the history of the emergence and development of cybercrime, the specifics of the current situation in society, which contributes to an increase in the number of cybercrimes and ways of countering cybercrime. It has been established that cybercrime first appeared in the middle of the last century. This was due to the emergence and subsequent intensive growth in the number of computers, and then smartphones. However, cybercrime that exists today is significantly different from what it was in its early days. Today, the number of devices and services provided via the Internet is growing, the number of users is growing, and, accordingly, the number of cybercrimes and the level of their organization is growing. In the course of the study, the differences between the concepts of cybercrime and computer crimes were identified, as well as the main features of cybercrimes. The problems that law enforcement agencies face in the investigation and fight against cybercrimes were revealed. The factors contributing to the growth of cybercrime were also analyzed. Based on the analysis, the main directions of combating cybercrime and preventing the growth of the number of cybercrimes in society were developed.
This study investigated the emerging trend in cyber dynamics among youths using statistical tools. The study adopted a descriptive survey design. The population of the study comprised all cybercriminals in police custody in Ibadan, Nigeria. A simple random sampling procedure was used to select four hundred and eighteen participants for the study. The results of the analysis revealed that there was a significant and positive relationship between social influence and the prevalence of cybercrime among youth in the study area, there was a significant and positive relationship between economic influence and prevalence of cybercrime among youth in Africa, there was a significant and negative relationship between political influence and prevalence of cybercrime among youth in Africa and there was a significant and negative relationship between religious influence and prevalence of cybercrime among youth in Africa. Based on the findings of the study, the conclusion was reached that data mining and machine learning have a direct pattern on the prevalence of cybercrime and associated factors. The recommendation was made that authority in charge of cybercrime should ensure that data are available in the database for easy accessibility and quality conclusion on the causes of the prevalence of cybercrime among Nigeria youth.
On 5 November 2010 within the framework of the Fifth International Conference on Legal, Security and Privacy Issues in IT Law (LSPI) and associated conference series a Closing Workshop was held at the Universitat Internacional de Catalunya (UIC) to review and address the main challenges of Cybercrime. The event complemented the CLSR 150th Anniversary Seminar on Digital Identity held the previous evening at the Barcelona office of law firm Roca Juyent. The Workshop was supported by the Computer Forensics Laboratories CFLabs and by CLSR. Copies of the journal were distributed via a booth at the event to enable relevant papers published in the journal to be accessed during the workshop event. The Cybercrime Workshop provided an opportunity for academics, practitioners and consultants from different backgrounds and nationalities to come together and exchange ideas to discuss significant developments in Cybercrime and emerging issues on IT security. (C) 2011 Jose R. Agustina & Fredesvinda Insa. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The activities of enterprise employees can become a risk factor in terms of cybercrime, which is often associated with their lack of preparedness to counter potential cyber threats. Many businesses need a well-adjusted system of approaches to protect their internal data from all sorts of cyber threats. The objectives of the study are to analyze the practices of using systems to combat cybercrime phenomena in the corporate sphere. This analysis includes a review of the use of preventive measures by the personnel of top high-tech companies such as Apple and Samsung. The research implies to study the regulatory component of corporate systems for preventing cybercrime among personnel in the context of existing practices and approaches to the legal regulation of this issue. The study examines the relationship of corporate instructions in the field of cybersecurity. The results of the study indicate that the regulatory basis of countering internal cybercrime and data breach issues, as well as practical measures for its implementation cannot be equated, since the latter may have the nature of informal measures and do not contain formal reporting.
Since its innovation, the Internet had led to increased vulnerability, and Cybercrime has been a serious global problem that needs a strong technical and legal response. This paper examines the trend and the challenges of these crime in cyberspace and attempts to provide some suggestions on cybercrime governance in the era of big data. It reveals that the combination of social and government data under the guidance of sound laws and regulations will provide a powerful resolution.
Anti-cybercrime service with data-intensive has become one of the most challenging research issues. A comprehensive solution is required to overcome the problems of anti-cybercrime service performance and scalability in dealing with large scale information. We propose service enthalpy, a new approach in atomizing anti-cybercrime service to tackle large scale information with the use of a measure to ease the creation and collaboration of services. Service enthalpy comprises performance improvement, data intensification, functionality simplification, analysis shallowing, data uniformization, and revelation. We evaluated these six enthalpies to meet several objectives. The result shows that an approximated objective can be achieved.
This study aims to propose a system of indicators for dividing financial cybercrime into groups. The results of this study indicate absence of taxonomic indicators regarding clustering of financial cybercrimes and wide differences in approaches to the development of such indicators in relation to cybercrimes. The proposed system of indicators for clustering of financial cybercrime is designed to help create a unified, consistent and holistic classification of cybercrime. The results of the study can be applied in the criminal legal classification of unlawful acts corresponding to the general concept of financial cybercrime.
Underground forums allow criminals to interact, exchange knowledge, and trade in products and services. They also provide a pathway into cybercrime, tempting the curious to join those already motivated to obtain easy money. Analysing these forums enables us to better understand the behaviours of offenders and pathways into crime. Prior research has been valuable, but limited by a reliance on datasets that are incomplete or outdated. More complete data, going back many years, allows for comprehensive research into the evolution of forums and their users. We describe CrimeBot, a crawler designed around the particular challenges of capturing data from underground forums. CrimeBot is used to update and maintain CrimeBB, a dataset of more than 48m posts made from 1m accounts in 4 different operational forums over a decade. This dataset presents a new opportunity for large-scale and longitudinal analysis using up-to-date information. We illustrate the potential by presenting a case study using CrimeBB, which analyses which activities lead new actors into engagement with cybercrime. CrimeBB is available to other academic researchers under a legal agreement, designed to prevent misuse and provide safeguards for ethical research.
"Cloud computing has emerged to be the most effective headway for investigating crime especially cybercrime in this modern world. Even as we move towards an information technology-controlled world, it is important to note that when innovations are made, some negative implications also come with it, and an example of this is these criminal activities that involve technology, network devices, and networking that have emerged as a result of web improvements. These criminal activities are the ones that have been termed cybercrime. It is because of these increased criminal activities that organizations have come up with different strategies that they use to counter these crimes, and one of them is carrying out investigations using the cloud environment. A cloud environment has been defined as the use of web-based applications that are used for software installation and data stored in computers. This paper examines problems that are a result of cybercrime investigation in the cloud environment. Through analysis of the two components in play; cybercrime and cloud environment, we will be able to understand what are the problems that are encountered when carrying out investigations in cloud forensics. Through the use of secondary research, this paper found out that most problems are associated with technical and legal channels that are involved in carrying out these investigations. Investigator's mistakes when extracting pieces of evidence form the most crucial problems that take a lead when it comes to cybercrime investigation in the cloud environment. This paper not only flags out the challenges that are associated with cybercrime investigation in cloud environments but also offer recommendations and suggested solutions that can be used to counter the problems in question here. Through a proposed model to perform forensics investigations, this paper discusses new methodologies solutions, and developments for performing cybercrime investigations in the cloud environment."
The Council of Europe's Budapest Convention on cybercrime (2001) remains a key landmark in multilateral governance on cybersecurity. Negotiated over two decades ago, this regional agreement gains renewed significance today through its enduring impact, its rarity as a binding multilateral agreement on cyber-issues, and its role in shaping the debate on free speech and the criminalization of online content. This article asks how the almost-total exclusion of content crimes from the Convention can be explained. Drawing on new documents published for the twentieth anniversary of the Convention, including detailed testimonials from its chair and principal drafters, the article highlights the importance of long-term career connections among technically-savvy and diplomatically experienced negotiators, creating a transnational policy network that overcame differences and power imbalances. Understanding how the Budapest Convention resolved disagreements helps contextualize current crises in multilateral cybersecurity and cybercrime governance and provides a path away from growing digital authoritarianism.
With increasing access to information and communication technologies such as the Internet, Ethiopia has recently taken responsive legislative measures. One such legislative measure is enactment of cybercrime rules as part of the Criminal Code of 2004. These rules penalize three items of computer crimes namely hacking, dissemination of malware and denial of service attacks. The cybercrime rules are however slightly outdated due to changes that have occurred in the field of cybercrime since the enactment of the Code. The surge of new varieties of cybercrimes previously uncovered under the Code and the need to legislate tailored evidentiary and procedural rules for investigation and prosecution of cybercrimes have recently prompted the Ethiopian government to draft modern and comprehensive cybercrime legislation, but the draft law still needs further work on cybercrimes in light of other major legislative developments at regional and national levels. This article closely examines major developments in cybercrime law and practice in Ethiopia since the enactment of the first set of cybercrime rules and proffers recommendations towards a unified cybercrime regime. (c) 2014 Kinfe Micheal Yilma. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
This position paper proposes a previously neglected method for investigating cybercrime disruption: laboratory experiments. As a case study for the exploration of this method, it examines slander and Sybil operations against cybercriminal marketplaces. While there has been some scholarly discussion of these interventions, carrying out empirical work on the effectiveness of these tactics is challenging. This position paper reports on a feasibility pilot study, and the results should be viewed as suggestive, rather than conclusive. The paper's core value is in providing proof of concept for employing this methodology within cybercrime research, and offering insights for future studies of these, or other, disruption tactics.
The article is dedicated to the study of the measures used to combat cybercrime in different countries. It is observed that the world's leading countries are actively expanding and creating units in the armed forces and intelligence services that should ensure the development of offensive capabilities in cyberspace. In particular, the operational cooperation of law enforcement agencies, such as Interpol, Europol and Eurojust, in the fight against cybercrime is being stepped up. Anti-cybercrime activities are carried out not only by individual states, but also by their blocs, including NATO. In Ukraine, unlike the developed countries of the world, measures to combat cybercrime are less developed. Despite the existence of special laws and strategies, in particular the Cyber Security Strategy of Ukraine, the fight against cybercrime is not effective due to the declarative nature of most of the provisions of this strategy. It is concluded that one of the problematic aspects of the phenomenon of cybercrime is the low level of education in information technologies of the population of Ukraine.
The development of Internet network created new opportunities for offenders in the computer field to commit remote cybercrimes, their presence not being necessary in the place where the victim is. Starting from the cross-border character of cybercrimes, in this article is carried out an analysis of the main judicial instruments in the field of fight against cybercrime. Moreover, it is carried out an analysis of the Romanian legislation regarding international cooperation in the fight against cybercrime.
The evolution of information technology, information systems and has left its mark on all areas of social, economic, civil, military life, and the advantages of information technology are absolutely obvious, it decisively influencing the progress of humanity. Cybercrime includes, in addition to classic criminal acts (fraud, counterfeiting, prostitution, fraud) and acts specific to the cyber domain (software piracy, card theft or forgery of electronic payment instruments, network viruses, electronic terrorism, harassment by e-mail, etc.). Terms such as: computer related crimes, cybercrime, hightech crime are used to describe offenses committed through or against computer systems and communications networks. Information technology offers special possibilities for breaking the law in any field that uses cyber systems (financial banking, road traffic, air traffic, national security, military, medical, educational, social).
"Purpose - Little empirical research exists regarding how local law enforcement has responded to cybercrime. This paper aims to understand: the law enforcement agencies that line officers believe should be primarily responsible for investigating cybercrime cases; their perceptions about their agency's current ability to respond to these offenses; and their beliefs regarding the best ways to improve the social response to cybercrime. Design/methodology/approach - The authors surveyed patrol officers in the Charlotte-Mecklenburg and Savannah-Chatham Metropolitan police departments. Findings - The authors found that officers do not believe that local law enforcement should be primarily responsible for handling cybercrime cases and they have little information on how upper management is addressing cybercrime. Officers indicated that the best strategies to deal with cybercrime were greater care taken by citizens online and improvements to the legal system. Research limitations/implications - Local law enforcement agencies feel they are unable to fully address cybercrime. Although the findings were generally consistent across demographic and experiential characteristics and cities, two cities in the southeastern United States were surveyed. Practical implications According to these officers, they want citizens to be more careful online and for clarification of cybercrime laws and increased prosecutions. They do not favor local cybercrime units and additional computer training for line officers as much as scholars and police administrators advocate. Originality/value - This paper studied the perceptions of patrol officers, who are the first responders to most crime scenes, on local law enforcement responses to cybercrime and the strategies they view to be most effective in combating cybercrime."
The rapid growth in the availability of information and communications technologies has also expanded opportunities to commit cybercrime. Law enforcement officers are often the first responders to such incidents. Internationally, research has revealed how police preparedness to respond to cybercrime is mediated by organizational policies and procedures, as well as characteristics such as education, gender, and previous training for cybercrime investigations. However, there has been limited research in an Australian context examining police preparedness to respond to cybercrime. As such, this article examines the preparedness of Australian police personnel to respond to cybercrime incidents drawing on surveys with two state-wide police agencies (n = 422). Here, we examine the prevalence of cybercrime training across both agencies, levels of individual and organizational confidence about responding to cybercrime incidents, and their views about enhancing responses to cybercrime. The results suggest only half of the surveyed personnel have received some cybercrime-related training, with significantly less reporting specific instruction about how to receive and direct incident reports and manage digital crime scenes. Further, while personnel are modestly confident in their individual capabilities to respond to cybercrime incidents, they lack comparative confidence in their organizations and yearn for more resourcing and professional development. Implications for police resourcing, training, and practices are discussed.
The supplementary dataset presented in this paper was used to measure the level of cybersecurity awareness of cybercrime in Saudi Arabia, presented in detail in [1]. The data were collected during the period of August to October of 2019. The dissemination process took place via an online questionnaire. The survey has four main parts: Personal and skill information (10 questions), Cybersecurity Activities (7 questions), Cybercrime Consciousness (8 questions), and Case Reports (6 questions). Two protocols were employed to recruit participants: subject must be of Saudi nationality and older than 18 years old. A combination of purposive and snowball techniques was utilized to collect respondents via university emails from 27 Saudi universities and WhatsApp messages to people meeting the requirements, gathering a total of 1230 responses. The data can be used to inform responsible authorities in Saudi Arabia about their roles in solving anticipated problems, as well as raising the awareness through programs, training, and short courses. (C) 2021 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Inc.
Reporting plays a vital role in combatting cybercrimes. The data collected from cybercrime reporting can not only bolster the efforts of those on the responding end of such attacks (i.e., government, law enforcement agencies, and the technology industry), but also provide relevant prevention tips to computer users to help mitigate their cybercrime risk. Despite the importance of cybercrime reporting, we observe that many cybercrimes go unreported, which arguably can be due to an overall lack of effectiveness of currently existing cybercrime reporting mechanisms. This study aims to streamline cybercrime reporting processes at PayPal by proposing a design of an interactive customer-facing cybercrime reporting interface. The overall goals of the proposed design are to (1) appropriately triage reports both within the company and to relevant external entities and (2) to educate the customer base about cybercrimes and cybercrime reporting through helpful links. The proposed design was tested with 523 Amazon Mechanical Turk workers and was considered user-friendly and informative by our participants. Moreover, a statistical model demonstrated that aside from our proposed interface's usability, users' victimization, self-efficacy, and perception of cybercrimes' severity all had a positive effect on the likelihood to report a cybercrime. Our proposed design and evaluation have the potential to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of cybercrime reporting to corporations and government/law enforcement agencies.
"In recent years a large proportion of cybercrime attacks are text-data based, whereby the cyberattack propagation method is non-technical. Though copious information about these attacks, mainly, the meta-data can be extracted, such information is usually unavailable for digital forensic (DF) investigation because these cyber-attacks are often unreported. One of the reasons for victim under-reporting of cybercrime is the lack of an anonymous system to report cybercrime, as well as the lack of digital forensic defined criteria for cybercrime reporting. The problem identified by this paper, therefore, is the lack of defined digital forensic criteria for reporting cybercrime attacks anonymously. A defined digital forensic (DF) criteria for cybercrime reporting is proposed to address this problem. The method employed is to firstly, develop a generic DF cybercrime reporting data collection system that uses a DF cybercrime incident criteria definition that is also privacy enhanced. Secondly, the creation of a natural language data preparation semantic builder that is integrated to store mapped semantics data used to create defined DF criteria for a cybercrime language database. Thirdly, the integrated database (DB) defined DF cybercrime semantic DB can be analysed to formulate a digital forensic readiness architecture for cybercrime language detection. The generated natural language (NL), semantic data of potential cybercrime language, could be developed as a plugin and APIs, pluggable to any DF investigations, tools and applications. The benefits of the proposed defined DF cybercrime reporting criteria include the following; (i) It is a medium for cybercrime victims to report a crime. (ii) The proposed system generates useful data for the implementation of digital forensic readiness architecture and planning that is re-usable and scalable to accommodate other forms of intrusion detection techniques and processes (iii) To design and develop cyber- attack reporting tools and techniques using the information provided by the victims, especially in a text-based cyber-attack. (iv) To provide research data for cybercrime data analytics using the gathered reported data. (v) The proposed criteria ensure that the victims of cybercrime could report cyber-attacks anonymously while maintaining privacy. The findings of this paper pave the way to develop a readily available, easily accessible and defined digital forensic criteria for cybercrime reporting."
"Purpose Police-reported incidents of cybercrime appear to vary dramatically across Canadian municipal police services. This paper explores cybercrime reporting by police services in eight of Canada's largest municipalities, assessing (1) variation over time; (2) variation across jurisdictions; and (3) correlates of reporting volumes. Design/methodology/approach Data was collected from a combination of national Uniform Crime Report statistics and annual reports by police services. Two repeated one-way ANOVA tests and a Pearson's r correlation matrix were used to assess variation and correlation. Findings Findings suggest that police-reported cybercrime varies significantly across jurisdictions but not over time. Moreover, negative relationships were observed between police-reported cybercrime incidents per 100,000 residents and calls for service per 100,000, as well as number of sworn officers per 100,000. Originality/value This paper introduces previously unreported data about police-reported cybercrime incidents in Canada. Furthermore, it adds quantitative evidence to support previous qualitative studies on police responses to cybercrime."
Cybercrimes, or offenses enabled by technology, affect computer systems and people and prove difficult to pursue through traditional criminal justice strategies due to jurisdictional challenges and legal hurdles. As a result, corporations and industry have begun to play a role in mitigating various forms of cybercrime. This article examines what constitutes cybercrime and the successes and limitations of law enforcement in combatting these offenses. I present a detailed discussion of efforts by industry and regulatory bodies to deter cybercrime. Finally, I consider and discuss the risks and challenges that traditional criminal justice system operations face moving forward.
Despite the increasing prevalence of cybercrimes, there is limited understanding of the response strategies and protective (privacy, security) practices of individuals who have experienced at least one attempted or successful cybercrime incident. To address this gap, we conduct an online survey across an N = 605 sample from the UK, eliciting firsthand accounts of cybercrime experiences, actions taken in response to such incidents, as well as their level of engagement with security and privacy (SP) methods and technologies. We identify the occurrence of 8 distinct types of cybercrime and 9 corresponding response strategies amongst 319 cybercrime reports, encompassing IT and protective themes. We depict the association between the experience of cybercrime and the utilisation of response strategies through visual representation. In parallel with IT-related or protective SP theme response strategies, we find that the type of cybercrime experienced (e.g., malware) and the frequency of experiences (e.g., multiple cybercrimes or repeated experiences of the same cybercrime type) influence the engagement with SP technologies. This paper provides empirical insights into experiences of different types of cybercrimes, including their multiple occurrences, and (protective) actions. We also provide recommendations for research and practical implementation, emphasising the importance of addressing the specific needs of individuals who have experienced multiple or repeat cybercrimes. Our paper suggests the adoption of a de-responsibiling cyber-strategy that complements individual guardianship - while promoting infrastructure that caters to the diverse range of users.
The Council of Europe Convention on Cybercrime,(1) referred to as the Budapest Convention on Cybercrime, has been diffused globally, and is serving as a benchmark or a 'model law' for drafting national cybercrime legislation in many countries worldwide. This paper argues that, through the mechanism of 'state socialization' combined with incentives, e.g. assistance in building law enforcement capacity, the diffusion of the Budapest Convention has had a profound influence on the development of cybercrime legislation in a number of Pacific Island Countries (PICs).(2) Some PICs have expressed their great interest in acceding to the Convention and 'imported' several provisions from the Convention. This article, nevertheless, contends that these PICs do not seem to consider carefully whether the 'imported' law is applicable to their existing law enforcement capacity. It is evident that various do-mestic factors, such as lack of resources, have deterred the enforcement of cybercrime laws in these countries. As the result, although those PICs would have adequate cybercrime laws 'on the books', 'law in action' is still feeble. (c) 2020 Dr. Chat Le Nguyen and Dr. Wilfred Golman. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Video conferencing tool Zoom has boomed during this COVID pandemic situation. Although Zoom has been very useful for facilitating work-from-home and study-from-home arrangements, its misuse can result in cybercrime cases. The world has already seen the adverse effect of a Zoom-related cybercrime, Zoombombing. In this article, we discuss how Zoom can also be misused for launching real-time cybercrime, such as piracy and real-time pornography. The end-to-end encryption proposed to be used by Zoom can further complicate these cybercrime issues. The existing mechanisms may not be sufficient in dealing with these real-time issues. New mechanisms need to be found. This article is categorized under: Digital and Multimedia Science > Multimedia Forensics
Cybercrime is ubiquitous. People now inhabit a digital environment comprising permanent risk, exponential threats, and multiple virtual/physical harms, forming a global community of malefactors and the criminally exploited. The purpose of this paper is two-fold. First, through an archaeological lens, to characterize the new materiality of cybercrime (including its artefacts and architecture alongside digital/virtual manifestations). And second, to explore the potential for new perspectives on cybercrime borne out of this archaeological approach. In short: what is the archaeology of cybercrime and can new understandings emerge from an archaeological perspective? In undertaking this research we also challenge the long-held presumption that non-physical traces cannot be studied archaeologically. It is our contention that they can.
Cybercrime and cybercriminal activities continue to impact communities as the steady growth of electronic information systems enables more online business. The collective views of sixty-six computer users and organizations, that have an exposure to cybercrime, were analyzed using concept analysis and mapping techniques in order to identify the major issues and areas of concern, and provide useful advice. The findings of the study show that a range of computing stakeholders have genuine concerns about the frequency of information security breaches and malware incursions (including the emergence of dangerous security and detection avoiding malware), the need for e-security awareness and education, the roles played by law and law enforcement, and the installation of current security software and systems. While not necessarily criminal in nature, some stakeholders also expressed deep concerns over the use of computers for cyberbullying, particularly where younger and school aged users are involved. The government's future directions and recommendations for the technical and administrative management of cybercriminal activity were generally observed to be consistent with stakeholder concerns, with some users also taking practical steps to reduce cybercrime risks. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
A number of problems that really threaten the investigation of cybercrime in modern conditions are analyzed. The most common types of opposition to the investigation of such crimes by law enforcement agencies, which are manifested in various types and forms, are described. The need to overcome opposition to the investigation of cybercrimes is argued. The main directions of the fight against overcoming the investigation of cybercrime and illegal activities of stakeholders, which is aimed at concealing the detection of crimes and their investigation, are considered. The issue of the quality of cybercrime investigation in Ukraine by analyzing the legal framework for the quality of regulation of legal relations in this area is considered, the list of methods and means used to form the evidence base is outlined.
Various studies have shown that convicted offenders often face difficulties in finding employment. These studies, however, only examined traditional types of crime and little is known about the job opportunities of convicted cybercrime offenders. Therefore, this study examines the influences of being convicted for a cybercrime on labour market chances in the IT sector in the Netherlands. An experiment was conducted in which fictitious job applications were sent to existing job openings between March and June 2021 (N = 300), varying for type of crime (cybercrime, property crime, no offence) and ethnic background (Dutch or Turkish). In order to test the hypotheses, logistic regression analyses were carried out to test whether differences in responses were significant. No significant differences in positive responses were found between cybercrime offenders and non-offenders, implying that cybercrime offenders do not have less labour market opportunities. Moreover, significant differences were found between Dutch and Turkish applicants. The results of this study indicate that results from previous studies on job opportunities of traditional offenders are not generalisable to cybercrime offenders. Possibly, a cybercrime record gives a positive signal of IT-skills that are useful for employees, while a criminal record for a property crime is associated with negative characteristics.
This study investigates the relationships between users' routine activities and socio-economic characteristics and three forms of cybercrime victimization of 1) online shopping fraud, 2) online banking fraud and 3) cyber-attacks(i.e. DDoS attacks). Data from the Eurobarometer, containing a sample of 17,811 online European citizens was analyzed. The results generally support the Routine Activities Theory. There were few differences by sex. Younger respondents were more at risk of online purchase fraud, but older respondents more of online banking fraud. Few economic characteristics were related to victimization. The three forms of victimization were interrelated relatively strongly. The characteristic of victims of online crime differ from those of traditional crime. We propose that digitalization leads to a 'normalization of victims' of cybercrime.
An important portion of internet users have faced cybercrime in recent years. One successful strategy for dealing with cybercrime victimization is to seek social support. However, previous studies showed that only a limited number of victims reaches out to family or friends to ask for help after a cybercrime incident. The current study sought to gain a better understanding of victims' social support seeking by exploring its antecedents. Specifically, the study took into account the role of (1) perception (i.e., perceived severity and perceived control), (2) primary responses (i.e., self-blame and denial), and (3) social capital (i.e., available [trusted] connections). Moreover, we explored the link between fear of cybercrime and these antecedents. Data collected from 334 cybercrime victims were analyzed using structural equation modeling. The findings indicated that victims with high perceived control and who ignore the incident, are less inclined to ask for help. Surprisingly, victims with high levels of self-blame are more likely to seek support. Moreover, we found that fear of crime is significantly related with perception and self-blame. Future awareness campaigns should stress that support seeking is part of the solution and should avoid placing the responsibility of victimization completely on the victim.
"In this concluding chapter, we consolidate the broad spectrum of challenges discussed throughout this book towards the formulation of a number key priority topics to be addressed by future research related to cybercrime and cyberterrorism. During this process many of the specific areas that need to be addressed are defined across four inter-linked dimensions; technological, regulatory, organisational and human. In the process of identifying the nature of the challenges posed, the scope of the research and initiatives needed in order to progress measures targeting them, as well as the required impacts needed in order to ensure the significance of those initiatives. Initial sections of the chapter recapture, from a definitional perspective, the definitions of cybercrime and its constituent elements towards establishing a harmonised taxonomy of terms that we can use to inform the future work being proposed."
This paper reviews some massive cyber-attacks in Ukraine. It demonstrates the scale and dynamics of cybercrime in Ukraine. Motivated by cybercrime we develop a two-player two-strategy matrix game between a defender that can either protect its strategic asset or leave it unprotected, and a defender that can either attack the defender's asset, or not. We assume that defending and attacking strategies are costly, and the value of the strategic asset is higher than are the costs of defending /attacking it. We show that under generic conditions on parameters the game has a single mixed Nash equilibrium. At this equilibrium the probability that the attacker will attack decreases with the value of the asset while the probability that the defender will actively defend increases.
With the advancement of technology and the growth of the internet and cyber, many negative factors, such as cyberattacks and cybercrime, are on the rise and hinder the internet's and technology's positive use. Cybercrime is one of the worst factors significantly increasing in Indonesia today. Cybercrime is a criminal act that is prohibited in every country on the planet. The instances of cybercrime have harmed Indonesian computer users. The present study evaluates the legal frameworks and articles designed to control cybercrime issues within the Indonesian public administration. This study utilized a qualitative descriptive approach, along with an empirical judicial technique and statute approach analysis method. Documents about articles and legal frameworks in Indonesia were analyzed for data collection. The types and patterns of Cybercrime in Indonesia are outlined in Articles 27 to 35 of Law No. 11/2008. Chapter XI of Act No. 11/2008 describes the forms and patterns of violation of confidentiality and privacy. Based on the findings and discussion of the legal framework and analysis, recommendations are made to promote preventive measures, increase accountability, and reduce the communication divide between the government and Cybercrime-authoritative agencies. Along with the research limitations discussed in the study, the study has numerous theoretical and practical implications.
Analysis findings in the field of cybercrime in the world and Ukraine as well prove a steady trend towards its growth, which causes a systematic increase in the number of victims affected by illegal malpractice of cyber criminals. This negative phenomenon violates not only citizens' interests guaranteed by law, but also poses a threat to the national security in many countries. At the same time, international order is undermined and sustainable interstate relations are violated. Rapid information system development, speedy progress of computer software and hardware prompt numerous crimes in this field. Cybercrimes are committed by trained persons with a high intelligence level and professional knowledge in the computer technology sphere. In accordance with foregoing the issue of law approximation and the procedure of identification and recording of the mentioned illegal activity is essential to eradicate cybercrime. Considering the fact that the category of proof is fundamental in the theory of criminal procedure, we build in general-theoretical approaches in the basics of the analysis of the procedure of cybercrimes identification and recording to the mentioned activity in general.
The recent severity and frequency of cybercrime has been dominated by a single theme - the COVID-19 pandemic. This research develops a multi-level influence model to explore how cybercriminals are exploiting the COVID-19 pandemic by assessing situational factors, identifying victims, impersonating trusted sources, selecting attack methods, and employing social engineering techniques. The model extends upon prior work on influence techniques and emotional appeals that cybercriminals employ, by bringing into sharper focus the role of situational factors in COVID-19 related cybercrime attacks. Content and thematic analysis was conducted on 185 distinct COVID-19 cybercrime scam incident documents, including text, images, and photos, provided by a global online fraud and cybersecurity company tracking COVID-19 related cybercrime. The analysis reveals interesting patterns about the sheer breadth and diversity of COVID-19 related cybercrime and how these crimes are continually evolving in response to changing situational factors. It is hoped that these insights and recommendations for end-users and organisations can contribute to a safer digital world as we cope with many other pressing challenges during the COVID-19 pandemic.
While criminality is digitizing, a theory-based understanding of the impact of cybercrime on victims is lacking. Therefore, this study addresses the psychological and financial impact of cybercrime on victims, applying the shattered assumptions theory (SAT) to predict that impact. A secondary analysis was performed on a representative data set of Dutch citizens (N = 33,702), exploring the psychological and financial impact for different groups of cybercrime victims. The results showed a higher negative impact on emotional well-being for victims of person-centered cybercrime, victims for whom the offender was an acquaintance, and victims whose financial loss was not compensated and a lower negative impact on emotional well-being for victims with a higher income. The study led to novel scientific insights and showed the applicability of the SAT for developing hypotheses about cybercrime victimization impact. In this study, most hypotheses had to be rejected, leading to the conclusion that more work has to be done to test the applicability of the SAT in the field of cybercrime. Furthermore, policy implications were identified considering the prioritization of and approach to specific cybercrimes, treatment of victims, and financial loss compensation.
PurposeThis study aims to explore the nature and impacts of cybercrime in the Zimbabwean retail sector and evaluate the effectiveness of the current measures to deal with cybercrime. Design/methodology/approachThis study adopted a mixed research design on a sample of 38 retail players in a small mining town, Bindura, who were selected using stratified random and purposive sampling techniques. Data were collected through a mainly closed-ended questionnaire and in-depth interview guide. Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) was used to analyse quantitative data, whereas summative content analysis was used to analyse qualitative data. FindingsVirus dissemination, hacking and card fraud were identified as the major forms of cybercrime prevalent in the retail sector. Additional security costs, loss of sensitive data and direct financial losses were found to be the major impacts posed by cybercrime on retail sector. It was also established that the current internal measures and policing efforts to fight cybercrime in the retail sector were ineffective. Originality/valueThis study provides context-specific information on the scourge of cybercrime in a developing third world country that has of late been characterised by a myriad of other socioeconomic challenges. Although similar studies have been conducted in other parts of the globe, there has been a dearth of literature on retail sector cybercrime in Zimbabwe. This study also interrogates the Zimbabwean retail sector's preparedness in dealing with this contemporary threat.
Purpose The purpose of this paper is to understand the reporting intentions of traditional and cybercrime victimization, and the role of procedural justice in explaining sources of variation. Design/methodology/approach Using Amazon's MTurk program for opt-in survey participation, 534 respondents across the USA considered ten victimization incidents and expressed their likelihood of reporting each incident to the police as well as their belief that the police would identify and arrest the offender. Findings As expected, reporting intentions increased with the seriousness of the incident for both traditional crime and cybercrime. However, reporting intentions were generally slightly higher for incidents that occurred in the physical world, as opposed to online. Likewise, beliefs that police could identify and arrest and offender were lower for cybercrime compared to traditional crime. Consistently, predictors of reporting to the police and belief in police effectiveness hinged heavily on procedural justice. Other predictors for these behaviors and beliefs are also discussed. Originality/value This study uniquely compares reporting intentions of potential victims of parallel victimizations occurring in-person and online, thus providing firm comparisons about reporting intentions and beliefs about police effectiveness in addressing traditional and cybercrime.
"Understanding the reasons and the pathways of people becoming involved in cybercrime has been an important topic for research within different disciplines. Studies have explored the pathways of skilled hackers into deviant behaviour with a focus on online gaming, however little research has been conducted around understanding risk perception of cybercrime. This study investigates both surface and dark web forums, focusing on a variety of topics from hacking to gaming. The aim of this study is to a) investigate the ways cybercrime is perceived among different members of underground forums; b) identify whether there is an emotional construct of cybercrime; and c) identify the level of knowledge around behaviours which are considered as cybercrime and are criminalised. The novelty of this study lies in the methodological approach taken to conduct qualitative and quantitative research on large text datasets. Our findings identified hacking as one of the main deviant behaviours. Our analysis shows a general optimistic bias influencing the perception of risk associated with cybercrime as well as a number of risk avoidance strategies."
"With the exponential growth of information communication technology (ICT), cybercrimes have grown equally, culminating in investigation, solving such crimes and prosecuting the criminals. This article presents a proposal for the education, training and certified qualification of Brazilian police officers in order to prepare them so that they can be as knowledgeable, reliable, efficient and effective as possible. The proposal presents two types of training and qualification: the first, police officers whose primary focus is not cybercrime per se, but who as first responders are likely to encounter ICT activities as part of their work in fighting cybercrime; and the second, police officers who are involved in cybercrime investigations but expected to be classified as specialists. The proposal places strong emphasis on practical hands-on exercises, crime-scene hypothetical laboratories scenarios, actual and mock case studies and workshops to highly skilled Brazilian police officers as world class investigators. To meet this target, the proposal includes an outline of the proposed syllabus and laboratory practical sessions for each level of training to evolve specialist investigators(1)."
A total of 20 known cases of cybercrime attacks on water utilities have been seen in five countries between 2000 and 2021, with a steady increase in their frequency. The actual number of cyberattacks is higher, with 40 recorded in the United States in 2014-15. It is chiefly driven by organized crime and hostile state actors, along with disgruntled former employees. Vulnerabilities occur because of utilities adopting supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA) systems without appropriate cybersecurity measures along with staff who have properly trained to be aware of phishing attacks. Threats such as these highlight the need for water utilities to have a comprehensive risk management system in operation.
So far, most meta-analyses and reviews on juvenile crime risk factors focused on risk factors for traditional crimes. It is unknown, though, whether these risk factors are also relevant for the explanation of cybercrime perpetration. This meta-analytic review aimed to identify risk factors for cyberstalking, hacking, and sexting perpetrated by juveniles. A literature search yielded 48 articles (24 for cyberstalking, 15 for sexting, and 10 for hacking) that produced 903 effect sizes (306 for cyberstalking, 61 for sexting, and 536 for hacking). The results showed similarities, but also differences in risk factors for the three types of cybercrime. Overall, peer factors were found to be important for all three types (deviant peers for cyberstalking and hacking and peer pressure for sexting). Besides, for cyberstalking, previous online and offline perpetration and victimization were significant risk factors. Other small but significant effects for multiple cybercrime types were found for dark personality traits (for cyberstalking and sexting) and high computer preoccupation (for cyberstalking and hacking). Impli-cations for (preventive) intervention are discussed, as well as the need for future research.
Most cyberspace users fell victim to some cybercrime. This poster reports on a survey of students conducted to provide an overview of cybercrime victimization and related help-seeking behaviors. The results suggest that unwelcome private messages with sexual content or requests, infections with a virus, unauthorized access to online accounts, and offensive and hostile messages were most common cybercrimes. Respondents would most often turn to their friends, the police, and family members for help.
In this paper we question Farrell and Birks' assertion of the emergence of cybercrime as an invalid explanation for the crime drop. Alternatively to the cybercrime hypothesis, we propose two non-exclusive hypotheses that highlight the essential role of cyberspace as an environment that has shifted criminal opportunities from physical to virtual space, which reflects on crime trends. The first hypothesis posits that the more time spent at home by many young people due to video games and online leisure activities, among other factors, could have had an impact on the juvenile crime drop. The second hypothesis states that the appearance of cyberspace has led to a shift in opportunities from physical space to cyberspace. This could have led to an increase in property-related criminal activity connected to the Internet to the detriment of physical crime which would not be reflected in the statistics. Both premises are supported by empirical evidence.
"Cybercrime across the Taiwan Strait has become a global issue. Due to the large number of Internet users and the special political situation across the Taiwan Strait, the Republic of China (Taiwan hereafter) and the People's Republic of China (China hereafter) are two countries where malicious computer activity is rampant. Malicious computer activity across the Taiwan Strait has an impact not only on Taiwan and China but also on many other countries. For example, it has been reported that there have been computer attacks against the USA originating from computers in Taiwan but controlled by command and control servers in China. It is important to understand the current policing measures taken by Taiwan and China against cybercrime; however, there is limited empirical research on this issue. To fill this gap, this paper will, based on interviews conducted in Taiwan and China in 2008-2009, discuss current problems and issues that the Taiwanese and Chinese governments face when policing cybercrime. It will also examine whether current existing semi-governmental and informal cooperative measures against cross-Strait crime are adequate in addressing the problem of cross-Strait cybercrime."
The Deloitte's report (2015) on cybersecurity trends states that emerging technologies, coupled with a shifting threat profile, are challenging organizations to deal more and more with sophisticated bad actors that are motivated, skilled, and adaptable [1]. There is little doubt that cybercrime is growing more rapidly than cybersecurity measures are able to deal with and businesses and governments have never been more at risk from cyberattacks. In this paper, we ask the question, 'what are some of the robust data governance practices that can be put in place to forestall cybercrime?' We also asked the question, 'are there some research papers that have been published to address this concern? We then took a deep into extant literature to find out. Furthermore, we proposed a cybercrime mitigation framework using robust data governance. Our literature synthesis revealed that there is little research that investigated the concept of data governance and cybercrime together, which leads us to propose research hypotheses for a future quantitative research.
"This study explicated individual differences in susceptibility to cybercrime victimization by predicting that frequent use of information technology (IT) devices is related to greater likelihood of cybercrime victimization (exposure hypothesis), and testing whether individuals more vulnerable to cybercrimes are characterized by higher (overconfidence hypothesis) or lower (negligence hypothesis) levels of IT self-efficacy. Our study also investigated whether cybercrime victimization would influence one's perception of interpersonal relations and subjective well-being. Data were drawn from a representative sample of 1018 Hong Kong participants (46% men; mean age = 42.18). The results from correlation analysis supported the exposure hypothesis by revealing a positive association between IT use and cybercrime victimization. Consistent with both the exposure and overconfidence hypotheses, the mediation analysis showed that IT self-efficacy was positively related to IT use, which in turn was positively related to cybercrime victimization. The correlation analysis further revealed that cybercrime victimization was inversely associated with trusting people online, perceived control, perceived fairness, life satisfaction, and happiness. Our novel findings imply escalating risks of cybercrime victimization as both the amount of IT use and users' IT proficiency are growing, and evidence-based programs are needed to increase users' awareness of the prevalence of cybercrimes and build resilience to combat cyber-attacks."
Cybercrime, one of the most important security topics, will continue to emerge as a more critical security threat within the next years. Among the different attacks, phishing is of special interest because of its negative impact for the economy. In this paper, we develop a simulation study based on the work of Fultz and Grossklags. To extend their analysis of cybercrime by an economic view, we customized their model and used it as basis for our analysis. Based on the data from recent literature, our assessment gives insights into the perpetrator's behavior and allows us to quantify the effectiveness of countermeasures. Due to the fact that mainly risk-seeking persons are responsible for these attacks, countermeasures aiming at increasing the penalties are not very effective. We discovered that better control of dark markets to prevent the trading of stolen data has a much higher impact. In general, results of our simulation can be used to analyze the perpetrator's economic motives and to establish a basis for effective countermeasures. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
(1) Background: This paper combines lifestyle-routine activities (L-RAT) and self-control (SCT) theories along with the literature on smartphone addiction in a joint model that addresses the multiple vulnerabilities that make the smartphone user a potential victim of cybercrime. This model, which we call the dual vulnerability model of cybercrime victimization, was subjected to empirical testing on a nationally representative sample of smartphone users. (2) Methods: Data from 2837 participants from a nationally representative sample of Spanish smartphone users were modeled using Mplus causal modeling software. (3) Results: The results of the study confirm the predictions of L-RAT and SCT in explaining cybercrime victimization (higher cybercrime victimization under conditions of high exposure, proximity, and suitability, relative absence of capable guardian, and low self-control). A significant effect of smartphone addiction on cybercrime victimization was also observed above and beyond L-RAT and SCT predictors. (4) Conclusions: The potential victim of cybercrime presents a double vulnerability, on the one hand, those identified by criminological theories such as L-RAT and SCT, and on the other hand, those derived from the deregulated-addicted use of the Internet access device (smartphone in our work).
The present study reveals hidden patterns of group membership across cybercrime victims in European countries. We used a multilevel latent class analysis of data from the 2019 Eurobarometer, a regionally representative sample of 21,908 individuals from 28 countries, to identify such subgroups and patterns of cybercrime victimization. The findings suggest there are two overarching cybercrime victim profiles in Europe based on individuals' levels of online activity and cybersecurity guardianship: the at-risk class (19%, higher risk) and the cautious class (81%, lower risk). Ten different types of cybercrime victimization were compared, and while individual-level predictors were primarily used to produce different groups of cybercrime victims, our findings suggest that researchers consider both individual- and country-level predictors to understand cybercrime victimization patterns in greater depth.
As the web rapidly expands and gets integrated into all kinds of business, cyber security has become increasingly important for companies. In order to defend against the rising web attacks, several advanced security mechanism have been proposed, with varying degree of adoption. The presence of these mechanisms on a website can be used as an indicator of the security awareness and practices of that website. A step further, it can be argued that the adoption of advanced security practices by a website not only secures the web presence, but is also proxy for the quality of the companies security management practice in general. So organisations with a secure presence should ultimately suffer less losses due to security incidents. In this paper, we present first results regarding this hypothesis. To achieve this, we simultaneously investigated the impact of cybercrime on Belgian companies and the adoption of security mechanisms on companies' websites. Through a correlation analysis, we found that companies with better web security defence tend to have less business loss and reputation damage caused by web attacks.
Reports have shown that Taiwan and China are attractive targets for cybercriminals. The special political situation between the two countries has encouraged numerous cyber-attacks across the Taiwan Strait. Establishing an efficient investigation and prosecution system is important to deter criminals from further exacerbating this unsatisfactory situation. This paper discusses issues of cybercrime investigation and prosecution across the Taiwan Strait. Based on interview data collected in 2008 and 2009, in both China and Taiwan, this paper concludes that the current manpower dedicated to cybercrime investigation is insufficient. In addition, there is insufficient incentive to attract investigators to devote their time to cybercrime investigation, and prosecutors and judges' knowledge of cybercrime and information security is lacking. Informal relations, such as Guan-xi and Mo-chi, may help in mutual cooperation between crime investigation agencies. However, these rely heavily on the political situation existing at any one time, and can only be effective when relations between Taiwan and China are not tense.
The Slovenian perspective on the comprehension and public attitudes towards cyber threats and cybercrime is presented. Considering that access to information technology and the Internet is ubiquitous, cyberspace has become a wide area which can be exploited through various criminal activities. As the number of users grows, so do the incidences of cybercrime. Regrettably, users of information technology and the Internet know too little about the dangers in cyberspace and protective measures to maximize security as well as about legislation about cybercrime. In order to accurately gauge the knowledge of the average internet user, we conducted a survey which was posted on the Internet in spring 2011, is the basis for an examination of the perception of cybercrime and an attempt to make sense of the fear of it. The results of the survey are described. The statistical analysis of the questionnaire results show, how users perceive cybercrime. We can see that respondents are relative well informed about cybercrime, but predominantly about incidences exposed in the media. As we know, cyber threats under the media spotlight are not necessarily examples of the greatest threats to users, but they do increase their fear of cybercrime. On the basis of theory and the results of our research, we present the main guidelines that can, if adhered to, minimize security risks in cyberspace. These guidelines can help increase awareness of cyber threats and are a source of information on how to safely interact in cyberspace. Users who are more aware of the risks in cyberspace and know how to deal with them are less afraid of becoming victims of cybercrime. The insights acquired in our research are useful for all cyberspace users and have practical value as they can be used for further study of cybercrime.
This article provides a multi-disciplinary overview of the contemporary cybercrime ecosystem and its developments. It does so by reviewing and synthesising recent cybercrime research from fields such as cybersecurity, law and criminology. The article also examines ways in which gaps between the aforementioned fields arise and how to lessen them to increase cybersecurity. This article is divided into four main parts. The first part offers background on cybercrime and some of its main elements. It defines terminology, sets out a legal taxonomy of cybercrime offences and presents the estimated costs, threat agents and characteristics of various illicit activities and technical aspects of cybercrime. Parts two, three and four build on this preceding analysis by (separately) examining three prominent threat vectors within the ecosystem - malware, the darknet and Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. For each threat vector, the article identifies and investigates features, history, functions and current and expected states of development within the ecosystem. Through its attention to and synthesis of current research and results from different fields, this article offers a synoptic account of the cybercrime ecosystem, which can bridge potential knowledge gaps between fields. (C) 2018 Stearns Broadhead. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
In this note, the most frequent types of computer crime on the Internet in Ukraine are analysed. It is suggested that international experience in computer crime investigation should be used to combat this because cybercrime has become an international problem, causing enormous damage to governments, commercial entities, and computer systems of individual users. Governments and commercial entities spend significant funds to prevent losing information and ensure its protection. Cybercrime is based on technical knowledge, which is difficult to detect or prevent. This type of criminal activity has a high latency because of the difficulty of determining the qualification of a criminal offence.
Cybercrimes are cases of indictable offences and misdemeanors that involve computers or communication tools as targets and commission instruments or are associated with the prevalence of computer technology. Common forms of cybercrimes are child pornography, cyberstalking, identity theft, cyber laundering, credit card theft, cyber terrorism, drug sale, data leakage, sexually explicit content, phishing, and other forms of cyber hacking. They mostly lead to a privacy breach, security violation, business loss, financial fraud, or damage in public and government properties. Thus, this study intensively reviews cybercrime detection and prevention techniques. It first explores the different types of cybercrimes and discusses their threats against privacy and security in computer systems. Then, it describes the strategies that cybercriminals may utilize in committing these crimes against individuals, organizations, and societies. It also reviews the existing techniques of cybercrime detection and prevention. It objectively discusses the strengths and critically analyzes the vulnerabilities of each technique. Finally, it provides recommendations for the development of a cybercrime detection model that can detect cybercrimes effectively compared with the existing techniques.
"The Internet has afforded people a multitude of opportunities to engage in crime and deviance online. Despite recent research efforts the application of criminological theories to the topic of cybercrime has returned mixed results. Furthermore, no study to date has sought to examine the effect of personality on individual differences in motivations to engage in cybercrime. In this study we use reinforcement sensitivity theory (RST) proposed by Gray (1982; 1987) as a framework for explaining cybercrime. RST is increasingly being used to explain individual differences in a range of behaviors including a wide range of criminal behaviors. In this study, 577 participants reported engagement in cybercrime behaviors and completed the RST Personality Questionnaire (RST-PQ). Overall, we found support for the hypothesis that RST related traits were associated with cybercrime. The four BAS subfactors (Reward Interest, Goal-Drive Persistence, Reward Reactivity, and Impulsivity) were found to have differing relationships with cybercrime. BIS traits were also positively associated with cybercrime, possibly deriving from the effect of increased anonymity online on the role of the BIS as a conflict mediator. Overall, this study supports the application of RST to the study of cybercrime while emphasizing the need for future research to (1) disaggregate the varying effects of BAS activation on engagement in specific types of cybercriminal behaviors and (2) further explore the unique effect of online anonymity on RST processes that motivate deviant behaviors online."
This study examines the impact of risk governance on cybercrime of selected listed firms in the Nigerian financial institutions. To achieve this, a sample size of 50 listed companies from the Nigerian financial sector was selected for the years 2013-2017, resulting in 250 observations. The study employed the use of hierarchical regression analysis to test the impact of risk governance variables (Chief Risk Officer_centrality, Enterprise Risk Management_index, Chief Risk Officer_presence, Board Risk Committee_size, Board Risk Committee_activism, and Board Risk Committee_independence) and other control variables such as corporate governance variables (Board Size and Board of Directors_independence) and firm characteristics variables (Firm size and firm age) on cybercrime. The study observed from the findings that almost all the explanatory variables present a positive and significant relationship with cybercrime, except the Chief Risk Officer_presence, firm age and Board Risk Committee_size which revealed an insignificant relationship with cybercrime. The study concludes that risk governance variables and other variables are likely to reduce and minimize the impact of cybercrime on the sampled firms used in this study.
This study developed a psychometric scale to measure users' cybercrime awareness level on social media. Psychometric properties of the Cybercrime Awareness on Social Media Scale (CASM-S) were tested based on data collected from 1045 social media users. Exploratory factor analysis (EFA) with principal components analysis was used to identify the underlying factor structure of the scale (N = 545). The results revealed that the scale has a unidimensional factor structure. The scale was found to have a high internal reliability (alpha = .957). Confirmatory factor analysis (CFA) was conducted to verify factor structure of the CASM-S (N = 500). Results revealed that the one-factor model fits the data well (x(2)/DF = 2.757, CFI = .939, SRMR = .0366, RMSEA = .059). Further, the study evaluated the concurrent validity of the scale (r = .855, p < .001). The findings revealed that the CASM-S is a reliable and valid tool to measure users' cybercrime awareness level on social media.
This article speaks to the societal implications of technology by discussing the problems presented by cybercrime. It identifies a twofold problem. The first is that the proliferation of cybercrime is outstripping the pace at which governments can respond. The second is that there is a tendency to respond to issues relating to cybercrime on a superficial level without the appropriate technical understanding of the elements of cybercrime. This paper proposes that one of the ways of tackling cybercrime is to adopt the Routine Activities Theory, particularly the element of target suitability. This paper proposes that once a suitable target has been identified, the Gordon & Ford categorisation of cybercrimes be adopted as a policy framework for legislation and conventions. It illustrates the proposition by applying the categorisation to the South African Cybercrimes Bill.
Today, IT plays a key role in the information-intensive global economy. The application of computers and telecommunications equipment to store, retrieve, transmit and manipulate data has become widespread in a global context. However, this has brought with its major challenges in information security. A new reality was addressed in this Information Age in which we live, which is the increase of cybercrime on a global level. Due to the high growth of cybercrime on a global scale and the lack of a global treaty to combat these crimes, the need to implement measures against these types of crimes in cyberspace was born. The main objective of this text is through information technologies to provide a model for predicting cybercrime. It used the program RapidMiner which contains different data mining techniques. Within the different data mining techniques, the decision tree technique was used. Basically, this data mining technique consists of two stages, the first learning stage and the second prediction stage. The repository communities and crimes was obtained, with which the decision tree technique was carried out. In the first stage it turned out that, among all the dimensions analyzed, popilation (population per community) turned out to be the dimension with the greatest weight with respect to the other dimensions in cybercrime. In the second stage it was feasible to apply data mining to prevent cybercrime. Among the communities established in the prediction process, all resulted with a minimum probability of being victims of cybercrime again.
Digitalization changes the nature of economic relations, the ways of production and promotion of goods and services, the mechanisms of interaction between contractors, and the methods of meeting consumer needs. Information and communication technologies, Internet resources and digital artifacts create new opportunities for an individual, an economic entity, and a state, while at the same time being a major challenge to global security. In the digital space, solving the problem of ensuring cybersecurity is becoming increasingly important all over the world. Today, we need to understand it, and build the capacity to deploy appropriate strategies to improve cyber security. The purpose of the study is to identify cybercrime as a new systemic threat to the economic security of an individual, firm, or state, to identify its motives and methods of manifestation, and to develop an interdisciplinary approach to leveling this threat. The relationship between economic security and the processes of digitalization of social and economic relations is established. The types of cybercrime are systematized and its specifics are specified depending on the subject against which the illegal action is being taken -an individual, a firm, or a state. The analysis of the world practice of countering cybercrime allowed us to develop a pyramid of cybersecurity and propose a set of measures to prevent criminal acts in the information space.
With the increased use of ICT in different areas of contemporary life, the widespread access to the Internet, and the use of social media, individuals and organisations face constant threats and challenges resulting from the bad consequences of cybercrimes. Research shows that the incidence of cybercrime is increasing. In response to these threats and challenges, government and law enforcement agencies in different countries around the world have enacted anti-cybercrime laws. The aim of this paper is to compare the existing anti-cybercrime laws in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries. It adopts a comparative research approach. According to the findings, although these countries share common traditions and Islamic, legal, cultural and social values, there are some similarities and differences in their anti-cybercrime laws. Furthermore, there is variation in the scope of addressing cybercrimes. The paper highlights some issues related to these laws and provides suggestions for improvement and future research.
The information space, the main components of which are information resources, means of information interaction, and information infrastructure, is a sphere of modern social life in which information communications play a leading role. The objective process is the gradual but stable entry of the national information space into the European and world information sphere, in the context of which there is a legitimate question of its protection as one of the components of the national security of Ukraine. However, the implementation of this issue in practice immediately faces the need to respect the rights and fundamental freedoms guaranteed by international regulations and the Constitution of Ukraine, especially in the field of cybersecurity. The peculiarity of the modern economy is related to its informational nature, which affects the sharp increase in cyber incidents in the field of information security, which is widespread and threatening and affects a wide range of private, corporate, and public interests. The problem of forming an effective information security system is exacerbated by the spread of cybercrime as a leading threat to information security both in Ukraine and around the world. The purpose of this study is to analyze the state of cybersecurity and on this basis to identify new areas of the fight against cybercrime in Ukraine. Methods: the study is based on an extensive regulatory framework, which primarily consists of regulatory acts of Ukraine. The main methods were inductions and deductions, generalizations, statistical, comparative, and system-structural analysis, grouping, descriptive statistics, interstate comparisons, and graphical methods. Results. It is noted that a very important component of Ukraine's national security is the concept of information terrorism, which includes cyberterrorism and media terrorism that will require its introduction into the law. An assessment of the state of cybersecurity in Ukraine is given. Based on the trend analysis, further growth of cybercrimes was predicted, and ABC analysis showed the existence of problems in the field of security of payment systems. Insufficient accounting of cybercrime and the absence in the current legislation of all relevant components of cybersecurity does not allow the definition of a holistic system of counteraction. Therefore, the proposed new legal norms in the field of information security take into account modern research in the field of promising areas of information technology development and the latest algorithms for creating media content.
Economic geographers have traditionally been reluctant to extend their analysis to illicit and illegal markets despite their being significant in their global economic extent and displaying highly uneven geographies. By contrast, the geographies of licit, legal industries have produced multiple traditions of empirically rich, theoretically diverse accounts. Our understandings of the spatialities of illicit and illegal 'industries' derive from a different set of intellectual traditions for whom space is a less explicit, central concern. This paper aims to advance our understanding of the geographies of illegal economic activities by exploring the spatialities of one illegal industry, cybercrime (online for-profit fraud), through the lens of economic geography. It considers the spaces within which cybercrime is embedded, exploring it as the product of factors operating at multiple scales. It reviews cybercrime scholarship focused, variously, at the local, national and transnational scales and examines factors salient to the production of cybercrime through case studies at these scales. It examines national level drivers of cybercrime, local cybercrime agglomerations in Europe and transnational asymmetries, connections and opacities and the production of cybercrime. In each case, it reflects upon the potentials for the development of more spatially informed readings of cybercrime specifically, and illegal economic activities more generally, and considers how this might be mobilised to inform anti-cybercrime policy. The paper speaks to both theme I of this special edition 'the interactions, the norms, the rituals, the behaviours of OCGs in physical spaces' and theme III 'the interactions between OCGs and institutions such as the political and economic field'.
The outbreak of the COVID-19 virus in December 2019 and the restrictive measures that were implemented to slow down the spread of the virus have had a significant impact on our way of life. The sudden shift from offline to online activities and work may have resulted in new cybersecurity risks. The present study therefore examined changes in the prevalence, nature and impact of cybercrime among Dutch citizens and SME owners, during the pandemic. Qualitative interviews with ten experts working at various public and private organizations in the Netherlands that have insights into cybercrime victimization and data from victim surveys administrated in 2019 and 2021 were analyzed. The results show that there was only a small, non -statistically significant increase in the prevalence of cybercrime during the pandemic among citizens and SME owners. Nevertheless, the COVID-19 pandemic did have an impact on the modus operandi of cybercriminals: victims indicated that a considerable proportion of the offenses was related to the COVID-19 pandemic, particularly in the case of online fraud. Moreover, the use of new applications and programs for work was associated with an increased risk of cybercrime victimization during the COVID-19 crisis. These results suggest that increases in rates of registered cybercrime that were found in previous studies might be the consequence of a reporting effect and that cybercriminals adapt their modus operandi to current societal developments.
Principally driven by a phenomenal increase in Internet users, Vietnam, amongst all the countries in Southeast Asia, leads with its gross merchandise value share in the GDP. However, Vietnam is regarded as not only a cybercrime center, but is also among countries hardest hit by targeted attacks. This study explores the context of cybercrime in Vietnam through published and unpublished reports of certain organizations. Subsequently, by adopting the Routine Activity Theory (RAT) based on three core factors, the study will examine the causation of cybercrime originating from Vietnam's social situation and will conclude by highlighting the significance of this theory in cyberspace.
Malware authors constantly obfuscate their files and defenders regularly develop new techniques to detect them. Given this cat-and-mouse game, specialized obfuscation services have appeared in the cybercrime industry. These services allow malware authors to obfuscate their code for a fee. This study investigates an automated obfuscation-as-a-service platform for Android applications and yields unique insights on the technical difficulties and business reality of those behind such a specialized service. The service investigated was found to be average in quality, mainly using known obfuscation techniques, and generating obfuscated applications that were still detected by anti-viruses. It had a small clientele of large-scale attackers who used the service to decrease anti-virus detections of highly malicious applications, thus increasing their chances of compromising devices. Depending on the price bundles considered, operators offering the service were estimated to have made a minimum revenue ranging from USD 5,100 (conservative) to USD 61,160 (optimistic) for a six-month operation. This study illustrates that even though obfuscation-as-a-service is a market niche, taking advantage of the value added from this specialization is not effortless nor easily accessible to everyone involved in cybercrime.
This article contributes to the growing debate about the increasing importance of 'data' in modern cybercrime offending. In so doing, it illustrates the linkages between cyber-dependent and cyber-enabled crime bringing into focus the inability of current cybercrime legal categories to reflect such linkages which ultimately reflects how practitioners interpret them. Drawing upon data from court cases the article models the cybercrime cascade effect that results from data crimes. We argue that cybercrime is not a single action, but a process of interconnected social and technical actions in which data from 'upstream' cyber-dependent data crimes cascades 'downstream' to enable additional cyber-enabled crimes, such as scams, frauds and deceptions. By modelling the various tipping points at which stolen data cascades downstream we increase knowledge about the cybercrime ecosystem to highlight points at which interventions can be more effectively targeted. The 'cascade effect' is modelled by using mixed methods from law and criminology which include the intermediate-N configurational comparative method. By refining the tipping points of the cascade into decision trees, additional hypotheses, and the identification of the means to test them can be formulated. The article suggests that tipping points occur at each stage of the cascade model, however, the cascade into more crime is not found to be an automatic outcome as more social factors may be involved. Moreover, there exist layers of victimisation, which highlights the need to further research ways to incentivize early-offender interventions. Finally, the article illustrates the complexities of online offending, which include the presence of diverse, distributed and even disorganized actors within organised groups which do not easily fit into the traditional organized crime narrative.
Is cybercrime different from traditional crime? Is there such a thing as cybercrime? There are several proposals for definition of cybercrime, and several analyses and proposals for a taxonomy. This paper presents an overview of currently available taxonomies and considers how useful these could be in mapping cyber criminal journeys. In order for individuals, enterprises and states to be informed about the motivations, methods and modi operandi of cyber criminals and thereby begin to protect themselves, it is useful to understand how a cyber crime takes place from its initial stages of motivation and intent, until exit. This paper uses the methodology of journey mapping as a basis for proposing a four-level taxonomy of cyber crime. This is significant because a common framework and taxonomy will help to more effectively analyse, as well as find targeted preventive and awareness-building measures in the fight against cybercrime.
This article analyzes the international legal framework against cybercrime. The international legal framework provides a solution to the problem in three areas: reducing discrepancies between national laws, introducing new powers of authorities, and promoting international cooperation. The study argues that the core documents effectiveness in the field of cybercrime counteraction does not appear to be dependent on the legal applicability of the international measures. Such factors as national security, politics, economics, and public opinion, apparently, stimulate the spontaneous implementation of the international legal framework. The study focuses on the need to develop a system of basic approaches in the field of criminal law cybercrime qualification and consolidate their classification at the supranational level. A qualitatively new approach to cooperation between international relations subjects in combating cybercrime is proposed. The latter is based on all states actions coordination in improving the legal regulation of interaction and implementation of fundamental rules in national legislation, reorganizing the information exchange basics.
Cybercrimes have an adverse impact on the reputation and economy of a nation. This paper investigates the factors that affect the frequency of cybercrime originating within a country. These factors were grouped into three categories, namely, economic capital, technological capital, and cybersecurity preparedness. On analyzing the data from 124 countries, it emerges that the economic capital and technological capital of a country are the primary factors that influence the frequency of cybercrime originating within it. Technological capital also partially mediates the relationship between economic capital and the frequency of cybercrime originating within the nation. Furthermore, the cybersecurity preparedness of a nation negatively moderates the relationship between technological capital and frequency of cybercrime originating within it. The findings have significant implications for policymakers at the national level and managers at the organizational level concerning cybersecurity preparedness. They should focus on both hard (legal, technical, organizational) and soft (training and co-operational) aspects of cybersecurity preparation to minimize the incidence of cybercrime within a nation.
We document and evaluate emerging policing strategies that are reshaping how centralised law enforcement agencies deal with online cybercrime markets. The first of these we term infrastructural policing, drawn from law enforcement campaigns to disrupt international drug markets and involving targeting the administrators who maintain the infrastructure supporting cybercrime markets. The second, we term influence policing, a strategy drawn from counter-radicalisation involving the delivery of highly targeted messaging campaigns to potential customers. We illustrate these with a study of the online market for Denial of Service (DoS) attacks, conducting a longitudinal analysis of five years of time series attack data to establish the effect of interventions. While arresting and sentencing key players had little lasting effect on DoS attacks (due to jurisdictional issues which the Internet poses), after infrastructure administrators were targeted with takedowns there was a significant reduction in attacks and a dramatic reshaping of market structure. Additionally, the use of search engine advertisements targeted at potential customers in the UK was associated with a cessation in growth in attacks in this country. We interviewed law enforcement to explore the rationales behind the interventions, and interviewed DoS attack providers and observed their online communication channels to explore these effects in depth. We argue that these emerging forms of online policing constitute (apparently successful) attempts by law enforcement to recenter themselves as key actors in online enforcement coalitions. This rests on them enrolling the capacities of the platform intermediaries who provide the very Internet infrastructure which so complicates traditional, jurisdictionally-bound forms of policing.
Cybercrime is, undoubtedly, a growing problem. Scarcely a week goes by without reports of massive online misconduct. The primary federal legislative response so far has been to impose computer abuse liability on network attackers. Every state has enacted a similar statute. But do these cybercrime statutes actually punish and deter hackers? Members of Congress and Department of Justice prosecutors think so and have repeatedly sought to expand the scope and consequences of liability. Meanwhile, scholars, advocates, and some judges have argued that computer abuse legislation is overbroad and ineffective. Law and policy debate has proceeded from these dueling narratives, not from data. This Article presents the first comprehensive empirical analysis of litigation under the federal cybercrime statute, the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act. Drawing on a new dataset compiled from hundreds of civil and criminal pleadings, the Article addresses fundamental and unanswered questions about the on-the-ground function of cybercrime law. The data reflect that there has been a nationwide cybercrime litigation explosion, and most cases look nothing like the hacker archetype. The overwhelming majority of civil claims arise from mundane business and employment disputes, not sophisticated computer intrusions. And while federal prosecutors do sometimes charge serious offenders, the plurality fact pattern in criminal litigation involves a low-level government employee mishandling data. What's more, cybercrime law appears to be redundant in civil cases, and there is little reason to believe that it deters the most concerning hackers. The Article closes with normative recommendations. In the near term, I suggest that (1) Congress and state legislatures should repeal civil cybercrime liability, (2) prosecutors should establish enforcement policies that prioritize significant misconduct, and (3) courts should narrowly construe cybercrime statutes to better effectuate legislative intent. As a structural matter, I challenge the net benefit of cybercrime law. An expansive computer abuse construct is a poor fit for modern technology, which is increasingly pervasive and increasingly shared. Policy should emphasize alternative means of protecting computer security and privacy.
The article is devoted to the study of the problem of dark figure of cybercrime: crimes in which the use of information technologies and telecommunication networks plays a significant role, often remain latent. It can be said that this type of crime is characterized by excessive latency: only an extremely small proportion of committed acts is reflected in criminal statistics, and often the most dangerous remain in the dark. Law enforcement tends to focus on most convenient cybercrime that is easier to investigate and prosecute. Authors examine the dark figure of cybercrime of two types: traditional computer crimes (illegal access to computer information, use and distribution of malicious programs) and violation of copyright. Most relevant threats related to the commission of these types of crimes are described. Authors emphasize such factors of latent crime as criminals' use of technology to conceal their activities, the anomalously large role of the non-state sector in counteracting cybercrime, conflicting interests of victims, and weaknesses in legal regulation. Authors propose measures aimed at reducing latent figure, namely: improving the competence of law enforcement agencies, in particular, the establishment of special jurisdiction of these crimes, the creation of monitoring services that identify and analyze the emerging threats to information security and provide evidence to law enforcement agencies to initiate criminal cases, making new fines for business that conceal cybercrime incidents. It is pointed out the to reduce dark figures it is also needed to decriminalize less dangerous infringements, and reorient law enforcement agencies to combat the most dangerous manifestations of cybercrime.
"Cybercrime and economic espionage are increasing problems for firms. We build on US FBI policy to frame the interaction between a cybercrime victim firm and a government security agency. We bring together several strands in the literature to model the strategies of the firm, which has suffered a cyber breach and theft of trade secrets, and the government security agency, which must investigate and prosecute crimes. We investigate the interactions between these two players, in which the firm has private information about its cybersecurity investment. This investment level is unknown to the security agency, which must nonetheless decide how to prioritize reported crime. We model this asymmetric information problem within a game theoretic signaling framework derived from Becker's work in crime and punishment. We suggest that such a framework can inform policy to encourage security investments by firms and more efficient resource utilization by security agencies. We particularly focus on an illustrative stylized example to highlight how our modelling approach can be helpful. In this example we compare two worlds; one where all security breaches become public knowledge and another where only reported breaches become public knowledge. We then formulate two potentially testable Hypotheses and several implications of these Hypotheses. Case studies and a policy analysis further highlight how our framework plays out in reality. (C) 2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd."
Deficiencies in cybersecurity may be the greatest national security threat facing the US in the 21st century. Public and private sector organizations as well as individuals are vulnerable, and the nation's critical infrastructures are also put at risk by these deficiencies. Security professionals, designers, and engineers are currently faced with the challenge of securing cyberspace. Essential to this effort is the necessity to ensure that the nation's laws are adequate to protect against, prevent, and deter cyberattacks. In this article we present a comprehensive review of current US laws and regulations that are being used to deter cybercrime activities and support cybersecurity. We describe legislation presented in the 112th Congress aimed at strengthening laws in fighting cybercrimes and ensuring a high level of cybersecurity, and we briefly review legislative efforts being undertaken in other countries. Finally, we discuss some future issues to be addressed in the growing area of cyberlaw.
In forensic investigations, automation support for cybercrime classification is crucial for efficient and effective resolution. Although numerous technologies have been developed to assist digital forensic investigators and incident responders in data analysis, investigation still requires a significant amount of manual effort, which is time-consuming and costly. Machine learning has been proven to be a promising strategy for automated data classification in recent studies. However, in order to train the model, most, if not all, machine learning algorithms rely substantially on a large number of annotated datasets. In this paper, based on a few historical case records, we propose an effective and efficient approach to classifying cybercrime, starting with small datasets. Our proposed method uses a Siamese Network Architecture with two identical Convolutional Neural subnetworks, as well as a Deep Learning Model. To classify novel graph data, a similarity metric forecasting method is applied, which permits the categorization of new data from a limited number of cybercrime records. In addition, to improve the accuracy of our Deep Learning Model, we apply forensic knowledge graph technology. This technique assembles pieces of information gathered from security logs into a vast, connected graph to expose a case's contextual background. Even with a small number of labeled samples trained in the Deep Learning model, our proposed approach is capable of identifying cybercrime data reliably and automatically from our experimental assessments. As a result, our approach demonstrates that automated cybercrime investigations can be both successful and feasible.
This study examined a sample of transnational computer fraud cases involving bank card fraud and phone scams investigated by the Vietnamese police between 2010 and 2018. This research used social network analysis to evaluate the relationships between computer fraud suspects. The study combined data from criminal profiles and in-depth interviews with police officials to determine the structural characteristics of sample cases. Results showed that transnational computer fraud in Vietnam occurs online and offline, with primary modus operandi including bank card fraud and phone scams. Moreover, the organizational structures of transnational computer fraud in Vietnam differ from those broadly assumed by scholars. Accordingly, this study proposes that the degree of leadership within cybercriminal networks can be used to construct a new typology with four categories: 'swarm networks,' 'distributed networks,' 'single-directed networks,' and 'group-directed networks.' As the first study of this nature conducted in Vietnam, this study contributes to the literature of cybercrime and especially, to the knowledge of transnational computer fraud in Asia and beyond.
"The COVID-19 pandemic has evolved rapidly and affected almost all the world's countries, creating unprecedented chaos on human lives, physical health, mental wellbeing, and the world economy. During this time, digital space has become an indispensable global means of communication, entertainment, and social interaction. However, high reliance on digital tools increases the risk of being prey to cyberattacks. In order to explore the cybercrime threat landscape, empirical research was conducted to examine the shared experiences related to cybercrime threats during the enforcement of the Movement Control Order in Malaysia. Data was collected using an online survey among 332 respondents across Malaysia. The finding stipulated that most of the respondents comprised females aged between 18 and 28 years old. The result also indicated that majority of female became victims of online phishing/malware distribution [(M = 0.58, SD = 0.13); t (113) = 2.24, p = 0.02] and online sexual harassment [(M = 0.56, SD = 0.11); t (107) = 2.38, p = 0.01]. The understanding of cybercrime experiences faced by the public during MCO is essential to help law enforcement agencies to stay vigilant on issues related to public safety and security during unprecedented conditions."
As internet penetration increases in Lower and Middle Income Countries (LMIC), more older people are now conducting financial transactions online and using social media to stay in touch with family and friends. We discuss concerns that existing financial regulations and controls in India may afford older people insufficient protection from cybercrime, using qualitative interviews from our recent study exploring older people?s experiences of cybercrime in Mumbai.
"The principles that govern a sovereign's exercise of jurisdiction to prohibit conduct and to sanction those who violate such prohibitions are well-established as to conduct occurring in the real, physical world. These principles evolved over the last several millennia, as law increased in sophistication and life became more complex. Real-world crime is, almost exclusively, a local phenomenon; the perpetrator(s) and victim(s) are all physically present at a specific geographical point when a crime is committed. The principles that govern the exercise of criminal jurisdiction are therefore predicated on the assumption that crime is a territorial phenomenon. Cybercrime makes these principles problematic in varying ways and in varying degrees. Unlike real-world crime, it is not physically grounded; cybercrime increasingly tends not to occur in a single sovereign territory. The perpetrator of a cybercrime may physically be in Country A, while his victim is in Country B, or his victims are in Countries B, C, D and so on. The perpetrator may further complicate matters by routing his attack on the victim in Country B through computers in Countries F and G. The result of these and other cybercrime scenarios is that the cybercrime is not committed in the territory of a single sovereign state; instead, pieces of the cybercrime occur in territory claimed by several different sovereigns."
Although the prevalence of cybercrime has increased rapidly, most victims do not report these offenses to the police. This is the first study that compares associations between victim characteristics and crime reporting behavior for traditional crimes versus cybercrimes. Data from four waves of a Dutch cross-sectional population survey are used (N = 97,186 victims). Results show that cybercrimes are among the least reported types of crime. Moreover, the determinants of crime reporting differ between traditional crimes and cybercrimes, between different types of cybercrime (that is, identity theft, consumer fraud, hacking), and between reporting cybercrimes to the police and to other organizations. Implications for future research and practice are discussed.
Handling and mitigating the cybercrime incidents (CIs) have attracted significant research attention, over the last years, due to their increasing frequency of occurrence. However, the term cybercrime is often used interchangeably with other technology-linked malicious acts, such as cyberwarfare, and cyberterrorism, leading to misconceptions. In addition, there does not exist a management framework which would classify CIs, qualitatively and quantitatively evaluate their occurrence and promptly align them with appropriate measures and policies. This work introduces a Cybercrime Incident Architecture that enables a comprehensive cybercrime embodiment through feature identification, offence classification mechanisms, threats' severity labeling and a completely novel Adaptive Response Policy (ARP) that identifies and interconnects the relevant stakeholders with preventive measures and response actions. The proposed architecture consists of four separate complementary components that lead to a manually - and in the future automatically - generated ARP. The idea is to build a holistic framework toward automated cybercrime handling. A criminal case study is selected to validate the introduced framework and highlight its potentiality to evolve into a CI expert system. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Purpose Cybercrime is a prevalent and serious threat to publicly traded companies. Defending company information systems from cybercrime is one of the most important aspects of technology management. Cybercrime often not only results in stolen assets and lost business but also damages a company's reputation, which in turn may affect the company's stock market value. This is a serious concern to company managers, financial analysts, investors and creditors. This paper aims to examine the impact of cybercrime on stock prices of a sample of publicly traded companies. Design/methodology/approach Financial data were gathered on companies that were reported in news stories as victims of cybercrime. The market price of the company's stock was recorded for several days before the news report and several days after. The percentage change in the stock price was compared to the change in the Dow Jones Industrial average to determine whether the stock price increased or decreased along with the rest of the market. Findings Stock prices were negatively affected in all time periods examined, significantly so in one period.
the productisation of crime toolkits is happening at an ever-increasing rate. Previous attacks that required in-depth knowledge of computer systems can now be purchased online. Large scale attacks previously requiring months to setup a botnet can now be scheduled for a small fee. Criminals are leveraging this opportunity of commercialization, by compromising web applications and user's browser, to gain advantages such as using the computer's resources for launching further attacks, or stealing data such as identifying information. Crime toolkits are being developed to attack an increasing number of applications and can now be deployed by attackers with little technical knowledge. This paper surveys the current trends in crime toolkits, with a case study on the Zeus botnet. We profile the types of exploits that malicious writers prefer, with a view to predicting future attack trends. We find that the scope for damage is increasing, particularly as specialisation and scale increase in cybercrime.
Ubiquity of the Internet and wide adoption of the computing and mobile devices is driving explosion of data. Interestingly, cybercriminals are also leveraging these popular technologies to cash in on cybercrime in form of scams, fraud and fake online reviews. Existing content filtering techniques, which have been successful in containing spam, are failing to filter these new types of cybercrime because cybercriminals generate text messages to bypass content filters. In this paper, we use natural language processing and a deception-detection discourse to build hybrid models for detecting these forms of text-based cybercrime. Since we have four datasets each of which contains deceptive text messages representing a specific type of cybercrime and truthful text messages, we combine 2 datasets and 3 datasets together to generate training sets for the hybrid models with more than one type of cybercrime. The hybrid cybercrime detection models are trained using Artificial Neural Networks (ANN), Naive Bayes (NB), Support Vector Machines (SVM) and kth Nearest Neighbor (kNN). The models are then evaluated on test sets containing instances that were not part of the training sets. The results for model performance of NB, kNN and SVM classifiers are compared against those of ANN. Most the models generalize well in detecting cybercrime. ANN model performance on the test sets ranges from 70% to 90% accuracy compared to model performance range of 60% to 80% for the other three classifiers. The best performance is in detecting unfavorable fake reviews and fraud.
Two studies were conducted to support the development of an eight-item Cybercrime Rapid Identification Tool (CRIT) and evaluate the psychometric properties of the proposed scale on samples of secondary school and university students. The CRIT was developed and evaluated in two cross-sectional studies with 2044 respondents from Hong Kong and China. Study 1 recruited 1533 secondary school students from Hong Kong with a mean age of 14.91 (SD = 1.77) years, and Study 2 recruited 511 university students from mainland China with a mean age of 20.41 (SD = 2.49) years. A stepwise confirmatory factor analytical approach was taken with further verification by exploratory factor analysis based on different samples. Factorial validity was further verified using confirmatory factor analysis. The analyses supported an eight-item scale with a two-factor structure. The eight-item CRIT was found to possess good internal consistency and concurrent validity. The studies offer promising support for the CRIT. It has the potential to advance epistemological methods and clinical research related to cybercrime prevention.
Ethiopia has been enacting various pieces of legislation to regulate some aspects of the digital environment. The cybercrime proclamation of 2016 is the most recent addition to the statute book that criminalizes a range of cybercrimes. It has also introduced a number of novel evidentiary and procedural rules that will assist in the investigation and prosecution of cybercrimes. The law has, however, attracted criticisms from various corners mainly owing to some of its human rights unfriendly provisions. This comment provides brief analysis of the cybercrime legislation and highlights some of the challenges that lie ahead in the course of putting the law into practice. (C) 2016 Kinfe Micheal Yilma. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cybercrime has recently surpassed, in terms of volume, all other forms of crime in the United Kingdom, and has been acknowledged as a national priority. The purpose of this research is to analyse the police cyber-investigation lifecycle: from the experience of the public when reporting cybercrime to call takers, through to the attending officers, officer(s) in charge, and the many units and roles involved in supporting cybercrime investigations. A large-scale needs assessment was conducted within one of the largest police forces in England and Wales, involving focus groups and interviews with police staff and strategic leads across key units and roles. The results of the needs assessment document the state of policing cybercrime in a UK police force, along with the improvements and needs that exist across the force and in specific units and roles. In total, 125 needs were identified and further coded based on a thematic analysis. Due to the nature of the findings, it is likely that some of these identified areas may parallel other police organisations' experiences at national and international levels.
"Despite the increasing prevalence of cybercrime and its study by criminologists, very little research has examined the extent, nature, and impact of fear of cybercrime. In this study, we conducted a multilevel analysis of the 2018 Eurobarometer Cybersecurity Survey to test the applicability of routine activities theory on fear of economic cybercrime. We contribute to the literature by demonstrating that: (1) fear of economic cybercrime varies across EU member states; (2) country-level infrastructure development and income inequality are predictive of individual-level fear; (3) individual-level routine activities and sociodemographic variables are associated with fear; (4) country-level infrastructure development moderates the effects of individual-level guardianship. This paper concludes by emphasizing the importance of including country-level and individual-level determinants in fear of cybercrime research."
The neo-economy includes all businesses that wholly exist or make critical use of the internet. They operate in all parts of the world and are very developed in some parts and tender in other parts. In Africa, the neo-economy is likely the best thing that has occurred in the continent since the independence era. The opportunities of this economy in Africa are however drained by the infamous profile of Africa in cybercrime. This article is anchored on the containment theory and adopted secondary sources of data such as journal articles, newspaper publications and policy briefs to discuss how this infamous profile has hindered the successes of businesses in the neo-economy and key actions that could be taken to re-image Africa equal to cybercrime profile in the global community. The article recommends the need for African leaders to reach consensuses on meaning of cybercrime, effects, and roles each nation must play to reach an agreed result. Also, parents need to balance euphoria in their children with trainings and preparations for the harsh environments in the real world.
On social media, the way identity is presented is a misrepresentation of reality, which does not set the proper framework and opens the way for Incel ideology and other equally severe societal problems. Essentially, there is a fine line between having a place to vent emotionally and developing your identity and encouraging beliefs and attitudes that society does not want. The first one is positive, while the second one risks causing harm to others, both physically and emotionally. The anonymity of the internet can promote an aggressive and sometimes borderline violent environment when opinions clash. In fact, the online environment is now a more effective and globalised way of spreading extremist messages and targeting disaffected and marginalised young people to enlist them in violent causes. In fact, the online environment is now a more effective and globalised way of spreading extremist messages and targeting disaffected and marginalised young people to enlist them in violent causes. This article aims to provide an informed understanding of the Incel ideology's scope and nature. The paper considers how the Incel ideology has evolved, including its changing perspective, to demonstrate how members of this community can be a factor in the rise of cybercrime.
Cybercrime has become a global issue due to the continuous development of computer technology, network technology, and cryptography technology, and the establishment of global conventions has become the focus of legal research. Regional conventions and measures cannot address the problem of combating cybercrime, and global conventions are unlikely to be established. In light of international law, this paper proposes the institution of a convention and analyzes the forms and prospects of cybercrime. First, the convention's progress and future development prospects are summarized using documentary materials. Then, the convention's form and future are evaluated based on the characteristics of cybercrime, and the convention's impact on combating cybercrime is examined. Then, the effect of combating cybercrime is predicted based on the convention's progress and prospects, and its content and provisions are modified by comparing them to historical data. The increase rate reached 25.7% due to MATLAB simulation test analysis, convention analysis from the perspective of international law, and efforts to combat cybercrime. Assess the convention's content and structure based on the various types of cybercrime, evaluate the convention's development prospects, and optimize the international network environment.
Since 2010 the Universitat Jaume I (UJI) of Castellon has been teaching a degree in Criminology and Security under the Bologna approach. The degree is mainly focused on Psychology and Law courses, so students have little training in technological subjects. To solve this problem, in the last year of the degree, students are introduced in Cybersecurity and Cybercrime. In this course teachers try to train them both in theoretical and practical aspects of information and communication technologies to improve Cybersecurity and to reduce Cybercrime. The objective is to introduce conceptual training in communications, security, forensic analysis and cybercrime, and practical experience in cybercrime investigation, anonymity technologies, practical encryption and social networks. The aim of this paper is to show the methodology and learning solutions used to teach the subject during the academic years 2013-14, 2014-15 and 2015-16. Paper shows the course objectives, the target competencies, the course contents and the assessments.
The article analyses socio-economic profiles of countries that are victims of cybercrimes due to attacks by malicious programs and viruses spread through email applications, vulnerabilities of information systems and computer networks. The study is based on two hypotheses. The first is that powerful countries with significant global influence are both the cybercrime initiators and cybercrime victims to a greater extent than those with weak leverage. The second hypothesis is based on the fact that the level of socio-economic development of countries can be an indirect motivation for cyber criminals to commit mass cyberattacks. The proposed hypotheses were proved using cluster analysis based on the k-means and silhouette methods for the data from 93 countries. It formed 12 groups of countries based on the cyberattack volume on email applications and networks. Using the Farrar-Glauber test, the research revealed that identified vulnerabilities in information systems highly correlated with other factors. Thus, this factor was eliminated from the data set. An associative analysis was used to form a profile of the victim countries. It identified common socio-economic characteristics for each group and developed the rules of cause-and-effect relationships for them. The cluster analysis results confirm the first hypothesis that the most powerful countries, such as the USA, China, Germany, France, and others, are both victims of cyberattacks and their initiators. The analysis of profiles of countries' clusters based on the associative rules fully confirmed the second hypothesis.
In the serious game Operation Digital Chameleon red and blue teams develop attack and defense strategies as part of an IT security Awareness training. This paper presents the game design and selected results from a structured evaluation of techniques of neutralization applied by cybercrime threat actors. Various motives and five neutralization techniques are identified in fifteen instances of Operation Digital Chameleon. We argue that Operation Digital Chameleon is not only an instrument to raise IT security awareness but also a sensible method to explore techniques of neutralization in cybercrime.
The article reveals the essence of cybercrime, approaches to understanding this concept, classification of cybercrime, and other illegal acts in this area. The concept of cybercrime has multi-discourse nature and a certain legal uncertainty. Cybercrimes, their forms and types are analyzed in the economic context. The research vocabulary of the economic industry is defined. The scope and content of concepts denoted by the terms of the sphere covered by cybercrime are studied, and its types and forms are analyzed. The article studies problems, achievements, and prospects of resisting and combating cybercrime during the development of the civil information society and Ukraine's entry into the global information space. The study focuses on the economic motivation of most cybercrimes since some material benefit from the fact of cyber offenses is assumed directly or indirectly.
The process of prosecuting and sentencing individuals who have violated the law takes into account different factors, among which are the sentencing guidelines, which provide a guide for judges to orientate their decisions during the prosecution process. However, the variety of crimes and the evolution of cybercrime require that these criteria be applied differently, especially when new technologies are involved, in the case of cybercrimes involving child sexual abuse material (CSAM) those criteria may differ in the guidelines that apply to the other forms of cybercrime. For this reason, the present study analysed 14 documented cases in order to characterise the differences in the applications of the sentences and investigate the forms of super-vision for cybercriminals under probation. Finally, this study invites us to reflect on the challenges posed by technological advances in crime control and the need for proactive measures to improve the response of institutions in the containment and investigation of cybercrimes involving CSAM
Complex cybercrime markets face collective action problems. As they involve disparate networks of individuals, they cannot use in person persuasion or coercion to ensure cooperation. They face a tension between being open to new members and opportunities, and regulating participation. We propose that collective emotional regulation plays a crucial part in managing members' behaviours within illicit marketspaces. We take one critical case, Dark0de, which was a leading English language cybercrime market. Drawing on a publicly available dataset of internal discussions, we use Qualitative Thematic Content Analysis and Conversational Analysis to investigate how through mutual emotion regulation, this cybercrime collective managed collective action dilemmas deriving from the context of its activity, containing conflict among members and fostering cooperation along with competition. We conclude that emotional micro-dynamics are key to maintaining cybercriminal marketplaces as relatively stable communities, circumscribing individuals' actions and aligning them with emergent normative orders, enabling those communities to remain operable in adverse environments. Dark0de can be seen as a representative case for a category of digital environments where the community develops its own emotional ethnopsychology which uses displays of semi-ironic abuse and attack along with cooperation on emerging projects.
The COVID-19 pandemic is accompanied by a cyber pandemic, involving changes in the modi operandi of perpetrators of various crimes, and an infodemic, associated with the spread of disinformation. The article analyses the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on cybercrime and presents the latest research on the number of cybercrime cases in Poland and their growth dynamics. It determines the factors that contribute to the commission of a crime and prevent easy identification of criminals. It also suggests the legal and organisational changes that could reduce the number and effects of the most frequently recorded cyberattacks at a time of COVID-19. Particular attention is paid to legal problems of the growing phenomenon of identity theft, and the need to ensure better protection of users from phishing, including through education and proactive security measures consisting in blocking Internet domains used for fraudulent attempts to obtain data and financial resources.
The article analyses legislation and scientific work on combating cybercrime based on the use of a set of general and special methods, methodological principles and approaches of legal science. It is concluded that with the introduction of the term cybercrime in the criminal law of Ukraine, the use of the term cybercrime becomes relevant, which should be understood as a socially dangerous crime in cyberspace, a responsibility that is provided for by the Ukrainian law on criminal responsibility and that is also recognized as a criminal offense by international treaties that regulate the matter. Emphasis is placed on the desirability of making appropriate terminological changes in the Law of Ukraine On the Basic Principles of Cyber Security and other regulations, as well as taking other systemic measures at the conceptual and organizational level, to identify the main cybersecurity threats and formulate measures to prevent and investigate them, determine a single body for the operational management of all entities whose task is to ensure the cybersecurity, create a system of technological means of the national cybersecurity system and establish closer international cooperation.
"Using questionnaire, and In-depth Interview, data were collected from 1,031 staff and students of selected tertiary institutions in Imo State, Nigeria in order to evaluate the pattern of public awareness of cybercrime. It was found that (1) the level cybercrime awareness was very high(N=915; 89%); (2) the knowledge of cybercrime menace appeared very superficial because majority (78%; N=804) of the respondents tend to be only informed of computer-related/assisted category of cybercrime; while as low as 22% (227) were aware of only computer-focused cybercrime categories; (3) cybercrime awareness appeared to be gender sensitive in the sense that more males (91%; N=347) than females respondents (88%; N=572) tend to be aware of cybercrime; (4) there seems to be a positive relationship between level of education and awareness of cybercrime- in the sense that the highly educated Internet users tend to be more informed (N=332; 92%) about online criminal activities that the lowly educated ones (N=583; 87%); and (5) the level of cybercrime awareness increases (N=305; 97%) as Internet users get older. It was recommended that more effective and holistic cybercrime awareness campaigns, targeted more on the women and children, should be embarked upon by the stakeholders."
Social learning theories, such as differential association theory, state that criminals develop deviant behaviors and learn the tools of their trade through close association with other deviants. This case study examines a group of 99 email addresses found to be using the same PayPal phishing kit. It uses Open Source Intelligence techniques to determine potential relationships between the holders of these email addresses. The results are then discussed in light of differential association theory to determine the extent to which this theory may aid in the understanding of cybercrime.
This chapter aims to explore policy proposals to deal with one of the most complicated problems posed by the Internet, namely that of jurisdiction. While cybercrime is a phenomenon without borders, the effective prosecution of such a crime is seriously hampered by conflicts of territoriality and jurisdiction. These problems are exacerbated by the evolution of information technology, in particular cloud computing which creates 'loss of location' problems for collecting the electronic evidence indispensable for prosecuting crime. The Cloud Evidence Group-a Working Group established by decision of the Cybercrime Convention Committee (T-CY) of the Council of Europe-has proposed, within the limits of agreed legal principles of territoriality and jurisdiction, a series of measures which, together with proper implementation of the Convention, would enable fast and effective access to electronic evidence, while respecting human rights and the rule of law.
Purpose - Cybercrimes increase day by day in parallel to cyber-attacks and cyber-threats. Due to such an increase, required cybersecurity precautions against all kinds of cyber-attacks and cyber-threats should be taken by both organizations and individuals. This study aims to develop a reliable and valid measurement tool to measure cybercrime awareness levels of individuals. Design/methodology/approach - In this study, a scale named as Cybercrime Awareness Scale (CAS) has been developed and psychometric properties of the scale have been tested by two separate studies. Findings - The first study included a total of 500 respondents (294 female and 206 male). In the first study, factor structure of the proposed scale has been determined through an exploratory factor analysis. The results revealed a three-factor structure (i.e. information systems crimes, personal data crimes, and privacy and security). Cronbach's alpha reliability coefficients for the subdimensions were 0.95, 0.92, and 0.90, respectively. The sample of the second study consisted of 494 respondents (281 female and 213 male). The confirmatory-factor-analysis results revealed that three-factor structure is valid and optimal model. Further, the proposed scale demonstrated moderate concurrent validity results in relation to the Digital Data Security Awareness Scale. Originality/value - Findings indicated that the CAS is a valid and reliable measurement tool to measure individuals' cybercrime awareness level. This study makes a novel contribution to the existing cybersecurity literature by providing the CAS, which is developed by following rigorous methodological standards.
The amount of data stored on computers is growing rapidly every year, which makes time-consuming investigation of digital evidence in cybercrime, because of the need to investigate a large amount of data and extract criminal evidence from it. Expert investigation begins with the collection, copying and authentication of each content on the digital medium. The following steps deal with the findings and extract evidence of crime using a variety of methods and tools. Our research deals with the frameworks, methods, models and tools of the search for digital evidence of cybercrime. However, there is as yet no specialized method and tool available to assist an expert in reducing the size of investigated data and to solve the problem of searching for and identifying digital evidence of cybercrime due to the lack of specialized tools and techniques to automate expert investigation. In this paper we propose cybercrime forensic investigation tool based on the digital evidence object model
The acknowledgement that cybercrime offenders are embedded within local contexts presents a broad vector for further study. But research in this area is still in its early days and many topics need to be developed further. Foremost among these is the geography of cybercrime. This endeavour has an important policy contribution to make. For example, if we can determine which countries are producing cybercrime at more significant levels, preventative measures can be specifically targeted to those countries. The first step within such a research agenda must be the development of an index of cybercriminality by country, as this is foundational to identifying hubs of digital offending and the factors driving the emergence of these hubs. This paper is methodological in its contribution, and does not offer its own empirical findings. Instead, it aims to provide some broad foundational thinking for a very challenging research exercise, and it is intended to support later, more refined, efforts to develop indices. It consists of two components. First, it reviews existing attempts to identify and rank cybercrime hotspots. Second, it draws important lessons from these works towards developing a successful index. Some methodological points are made on what the way forward may be for this emerging field, and how a reliable and valid index on cybercriminality could be crafted.
Since the introduction of computer technologies and the internet, Russia has been trying to adopt different strategies on maintaining social order in cyberspace. The purpose of this article is, by studying the stages of enacting legislation against cybercrime, to explore the Russian model of cyberspace regulation. In order to get control over the internet and to maintain security and stability in society, the Russian government has implemented new provisions of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation and other means. This article demonstrates how criminal law and other measures may be used to fight cybercrime, and how the legislative body reacts on social concern about cybercrime. Russian legislation against cybercrime passed the same phases as cyber law in other countries: first, criminalizing and penalizing particular cybercrime types, and then, developing a complicated system of cyber regulation. The process of cyber regulation was influenced by changing cybercrime characteristics, transformation of enforcement policy, and international treaties ratified by the Russian Federation. Regardless of active efforts in fighting cybercrime, Russian hackers are still a big threat to Russia and, in general, globally. The article concludes that the hacker subculture is one of the main factors producing cybercrime.
The criminality of cybercriminals operating in Nigeria has significantly expanded from the initially dominant cyber fraud to include other categories of cybercrime. Although the Nigerian Government has tried to contain the problem, there is a shortage of scholarly information on the specific role of the Nigeria Police Force in fighting this form of crime. Given this, the central objective of this study was to investigate cybercrime policing in the Lagos State Command of the Nigeria Police Force. It was exploratory and cross-sectional in design.. Data were sourced from 27 purposively selected police personnel using in-depth and key-informant interviews. The results showed that the Lagos State Police Command routinely handled different cases of cybercrime. However, exposure to professional training in cybercrime policing skills was restricted to certain categories of officers. Although different internal and external strategies were being used by the Police Command to combat cybercrime, the overall effectiveness of its personnel was being hampered by multiple operational challenges.
This study utilizes aspects of Ferraro's risk interpretation model in order to examine how social and physical vulnerabilities and victimization experiences relate to fear of online crime using Eurobarometer survey data. The results of the regression analyses show that individuals with prior cybercrime victimization experiences, women, and individuals with lower social status and lower confidence in their ability to use the Internet report higher levels of fear. Low social status and low confidence was found to have a significant interaction effect with prior victimization experiences in relation to fear of cybercrime. Prior victimization experiences with online fraud appear to increase fear of cybercrime in low social status individuals more than other groups. Experiences with hacked accounts or cyberattacks also intensifies the fear of those with low confidence more than those with a higher amount of confidence. Overall, the results of this study indicate that social and physical vulnerabilities as well as victimization have direct and indirect effects on fear of cybercrime, just as with traditional place-based crimes.
This study aims to understand the status quo and changes of juvenile cybercrimes. Online lifestyle variables in Taiwan can serve as good predictors of juvenile cybercrime. Based on an analysis of the results, this study proposes a number of effective recommendations and guidelines for parents, schools, and institutions striving to prevent and reduce cybercrimes. (C) 2011 Published by Elsevier Ltd. Selection and/or peer-review under responsibility of Harbin University of Science and Technology
Cybercrime and cybersecurity issues in the BRICS countries have important global implications, both politically and economically. All of the fast-growing BRICS economies are members of the Group of Twenty. These economies' cybersecurity frameworks have strong similarities and striking differences. This editorial provides a comparison of BRICS economies' approaches to cybersecurity.
Social networking sites and other media applications have been admitted as compulsive communication outlets. Their vulnerability and various risks involved, these social media platforms are easy sources to commit cybercrimes. The main purpose of this study was to test the structure of fear of cybercrime among users of social networks. The sample consisted of 612 university students who used social networking sites. The snowball sampling technique was used to drive sample of the study. The study utilized a descriptive approach. An electronic Google form comprising 15 items with a focus on fear of crime was administered after taking students' informed consent. MPLUS and IBM SPSS were used to analyze data. The study tested three models of scale structure including the exploratory factor analysis to generate models. These models were then verified by confirmatory factor analysis. The three-factor model excelled exploratory and confirmatory in terms of goodness-of-fit indicators. The study recommends applying the scale with caution in future because of the low variance explained by using the scale, which reached 30.7%.
The cybercrime industry is characterised by work specialisation to the point that it has become a volume industry with various as-a-service offerings. One well-established as-a-service business model is blackmarket pay-per-install (PPI) services, which outsource the spread of malicious programmes to affiliates. Such a business model represents the archetype of specialisation in the cybercrime industry: a mass of individuals, known as affiliates, specialise in spreading malware on behalf of a service. Extant literature has focused on understanding the scope of such a service and its functioning. However, despite the large number and aggregate effect of affiliates on cybercrime, little research has been done on understanding why and how affiliates participate in such models. This study depicts the motivations and challenges of affiliates spreading Android banking Trojan applications through a blackmarket PPI service. We conducted a thematic analysis of over 6,000 of their private chat messages. The findings highlight affiliates' labour-intensive work and precarious working conditions along with their limited income, especially compared to their expectations. Affiliates' participation in cybercrime was found to be entangled between legal and blackmarket programmes, as affiliates did not care about programmes' legal status as long as they yielded money. This study contributes to the literature by providing additional evidence on the downsides of work specialisation emerging from the cybercrime industry.
Cybercrime is a pervasive threat for today's Internet-dependent society. While the real extent and economic impact is hard to quantify, scientists and officials agree that cybercrime is a huge and still growing problem. A substantial fraction of cybercrime's overall costs to society can be traced to indirect opportunity costs, resulting from unused online services. This paper presents a parsimonious model that builds on technology acceptance research and insights from criminology to identify factors that reduce Internet users' intention to use online services. We hypothesize that avoidance of online banking, online shopping and online social networking is increased by cybercrime victimization and media reports. The effects are mediated by the perceived risk of cybercrime and moderated by the user's confidence online. We test our hypotheses using a structural equation modeling analysis of a representative pan-European sample. Our empirical results confirm the negative impact of perceived risk of cybercrime on the use of all three online service categories and support the role of cybercrime experience as an antecedent of perceived risk of cybercrime. We further show that more confident Internet users perceive less cybercriminal risk and are more likely to use online banking and online shopping, which highlights the importance of consumer education.
The popularity of mobile devices in the market is impressive, but this influx of different products has made it difficult for users to secure their infrastructures from potential data breaches. As the number of exposures and attacks increase, there has been a corresponding rise in security solutions offered by researchers. This article reviews the literature to prevent the cybercrime affecting portable devices especially smartphones running Android OS. Extant researches are analyzed and opportunities for future research are identified. Four research questions have been developed and out of 493 articles retrieved, 33 articles have been selected to be analyzed. From the analysis, we have found that Data leakage resulting from device loss or theft, unintentional disclosure of data and phishing attacks are most common between attackers. With no doubt, security investigators have stressed the grandness of protecting classified personal data residing in Android portable devices. They have suggested to use the permission-based security model and behavior-based detection method for protecting classified information. In result we found that Android OS can handle and apply the integrated protection model but still there are opportunities for us to improve the security of personal data. (C) 2013 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd.
The Commonwealth of Virginia, USA, is one of the most vulnerable states to cyberattacks and breaches. Analyzing data from 428 online surveys collected from Virginia businesses from multiple vendors and several unique resources, this study provides an in-depth view of the nature and extent of cybercrime victimization in Virginia, highlighting specific vulnerabilities, how the victimization occurred, the consequences of victimization, and if and to whom these breaches were reported. In addition, we describe the extent to which businesses perceive their vulnerabilities, the extent in which companies engage in behaviors that can potentially make them vulnerable, the policies and practices they have in place to reduce vulnerability, and their experiences with victimization. The results provide a quality baseline for understanding cybercrimes against businesses in Virginia.
"Purpose - The study aims to determine the cybercrime awareness among secondary school students with reference to their gender and school management type. Design/methodology/approach - For the purpose, a sample of 100 students from secondary schools situated in Lucknow city, state of Uttar Pradesh, India was selected. To obtain initial data from the respondents and to determine the cybercrime awareness categories a five-point Liked type cybercrime awareness rating scale exclusively constructed to fulfil the purpose of this study was used to determine the cybercrime awareness in five categories viz; excellent, high, above average, average, below average and low cybercrime awareness. Further, t test was used to analyse the difference between the means of groups. Findings - Results revealed that gender (male and female) and type of school management (government and self-finance) are not significant predictors of cybercrime awareness among secondary school students. Research limitations/implications - This study is limited to the government and self-finance English medium schools of Lucknow city. state of Uttar Pradesh, India. Practical implications - Policymakers, various societies involved in investigating cyber behavior/child computer interaction/safer communities, etc. should consider that school management is not a predictor of cybercrime along with gender and can look for other possible visible and latent factors affecting cybercrime awareness among students while formulating a policy or designing a course/prevention program for secondary school students. Social implications - School administration should consider the existing gender and school management roles of the present scenario to make effective policies for the students and providing them effective cybercrime prevention programs and activities. Also, parents can adequately understand the role of school management type and gender of their belongings to understand their cybercrime awareness and take necessary measures accordingly. Originality/value - The paper is focused on the cybercrime awareness of secondary school students and how their gender and school management type affects their cybercrime awareness. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this study is first of its kind which investigates the role of school management in cybercrime awareness of the students. As the education sector is depending more and more on the cyber world, this paper is of the great significance for the safety of education sector, organizations and communities involved in making the policies and designing the curriculum to avoid students being a victim of cybercrime and to make education sector a safer community."
This paper contributes to research seeking to understand if and how legislation can effectively counter cybercrimes that compromise personal data. These 'data crimes', which are the 'dark side' of big data and the data economy enabled by cloud computing, display cascading effects, in that they empower disparate criminals to commit further crimes and victimise a broad range of individuals or data subjects. The paper addresses the under -researched area of sentencing, which, as the last step of the judicial process, plays a crucial role in how the law is interpreted and implemented.This paper investigates courts' approach to the evolving technological environment of cybercrime captured by data crime and the cascade effect and whether the cascade effect can assist courts in dealing with data-driven cybercrime. The paper examines original data collected from UK courts, namely 17 sentencing remarks relating to cybercrime court cases decided in England & Wales between 2012 and 2019. The analysis shows that courts appreciate the impact of data crime and their cascading effects, but that the complexity of the offences is lost at sentencing, arguably due to the negative impact of systemic factors, such as technology neutral law and the lack of legal authorities.After examining such systemic factors, the paper suggests how the cascade effect could aid sentencing by adding specificity and context to data crime. The paper ends with avenues for further research relating to debates on fair cybercrime sentencing and open justice.
According to criminological research, online environments create new possibilities for criminal activity and deviant behavior. Problematic social media use (PSMU) is a habitual pattern of excessive use of social media platforms. Past research has suggested that PSMU predicts risky online behavior and negative life outcomes, but the relationship between PSMU and cybercrime victimization is not properly understood. In this study, we use the framework of routine activity theory (RAT) and lifestyle-exposure theory (LET) to examine the relationship between PSMU and cybercrime victimization. We analyze how PSMU is linked to cybercrime victimization experiences. We explore how PSMU predicts cybercrime victimization, especially under those risky circumstances that generally increase the probability of victimization. Our data come from nationally representative surveys, collected in Finland in 2017 and 2019. The results of the between-subjects tests show that problematic PSMU correlates relatively strongly with cybercrime victimization. Within-subjects analysis shows that increased PSMU increases the risk of victimization. Overall, the findings indicate that, along with various confounding factors, PSMU has a notable cumulative effect on victimization. The article concludes with a short summary and discussion of the possible avenues for future research on PSMU and cybercrime victimization.
Criminologists have frequently debated whether offenders are specialists, in that they consistently perform either one offense or similar offenses, or versatile by performing any crime based on opportunities and situational provocations. Such foundational research has yet to be developed regarding cybercrimes, or offenses enabled by computer technology and the Internet. This study address this issue using a sample of 37 offender networks. The results show variations in the offending behaviors of those involved in cybercrime. Almost half of the offender networks in this sample appeared to be cybercrime specialists, in that they only performed certain forms of cybercrime. The other half performed various types of crimes on and offline. The relative equity in specialization relative to versatility, particularly in both on and offline activities, suggests that there may be limited value in treating cybercriminals as a distinct offender group. Furthermore, this study calls to question what factors influence an offender's pathway into cybercrime, whether as a specialized or versatile offender. The actors involved in cybercrime networks, whether as specialists or generalists, were enmeshed into broader online offender networks who may have helped recognize and act on opportunities to engage in phishing, malware, and other economic offenses.
With the expansion of Internet use and technological innovation, cybercriminals can now easily violate laws and regulations. Because of this, cybercrime-related issues are swiftly spreading throughout Indonesia. Even though there are numerous articles, policies, and legal frameworks to combat cybercrime, much work still needs to be done. This study aims to evaluate the function of public administration in combating cybercrime in Indonesia by analyzing the applicable legal framework. A qualitative normative legal approach was utilized in the research to achieve the study's objective. Data was gathered from primary (legal documents, legislations, laws, case laws, etc.) and secondary (publications, articles) sources. According to the findings, Indonesia has extensive policies, articles, and legal frameworks to inspect and control cyber security breaches and combat cybercrime. However, the formulated laws regarding cybersecurity and combating cybercrime are poorly implemented. The Indonesian government is obligated to anticipate cyber threats by adequately formulating cyber-security policies and identifying comprehensive steps for defending against cyber-attacks, their scale, and types of countermeasures, as well as developing the rule of law necessary to exert proper control over cyber-attacks in Indonesia.
Customer satisfaction plays very important role in online shopping. There is always a drought on what actually drives the customer satisfaction in online shopping. Many studies have been done to understand the customer satisfaction in online shopping, however, as of now, there is no study found that have exactly define the user satisfaction through trust and security. These are the two factors that have been identified as a major barrier in customer's satisfaction in online shopping, especially in the business to consumer B2C e-commerce mode. We also consider the cybercrime as another major barrier to achieve the customer satisfaction in online shopping. Although numerous studies have been conducted which related to the area, there is no satisfactory solution for trust and security in online shopping has been attained, therefore, in order to address this issue, we proposed a research framework that emphasize on trust and security mechanisms to achieve customer's satisfaction. We also show the negative impact of cybercrime on customer trust and satisfaction. In this paper we present the framework that has been designed based on five essential current issues to achieve customer satisfaction in online shopping, which directly impacted the customer's trust. The essential current issues namely are financial security, personal security, system security, privacy and cybercrime.
Recently, the Danish defense department announced that research institutions are prominent targets for cybercrime. To better protect these organizations, an approach to prevent and detect cybercrime in large complex computer networks is needed. This paper contributes by a proof of concept of such an approach, based on a combination of Penetration test (Pen test) and Domain Name System (DNS) analysis. Pen test is a method to assess a network's current security state, by detecting vulnerabilities and misconfigurations before they are being abused. On the other hand, DNS traffic analysis can be used to detect ongoing cybercriminal/suspicious activities. The combination of the Pen test and DNS analysis can give an administrator a crucial overview of the vulnerabilities present in the system as well as already compromised parts. The methods were tested on the network of Aalborg University, and they were both able to identify ongoing cybercrime or vulnerabilities. While the feasibility was demonstrated, further developments are needed before it can be implemented on a larger scale.
The study investigates the effects of stock market volatility and cybercrime on cryptocurrency returns in the South African economy. Daily time series data on four different types of cryptocurrencies (Bitcoin, Ethereum, Tether, and BMB) were employed. The data covers the period from 1 January 2019-31 December 2021. The study employed the dynamic conditional correlation (DCC GARCH) and Bayesian liner regression model to investigate time-varying correlations among the variables. Empirical findings suggest that stock market volatility has a positive impact on the returns of BNB, Bitcoin, and Ethereum. However, it has a negative impact on Tether. Expectedly, cybercrime poses negative impacts on the returns of BNB, Bitcoin, and Ethereum but could be said to have no impact on the returns of Tether. The study concludes that ongoing efforts to reduce cybercrime activities need to be strengthened to further the use of digital currencies.
Advances in technology lead people to a new space called cyberspace. It introduces a radical change in every span of society. Rapid growth of cyberspace leverages the proliferation of cybercrimes. Use of advanced cyber forensic tools gives confidence to the law enforcement agencies for investigating cybercrimes. Digital image forgery is an easy task by using free-of-cost image editing software. So the image-based cybercrimes are also increasing. There are tools and procedures for image forgery detection in digital image forensics. In the case of image as primary evidence in cybercrime, a law enforcement agency has to adopt a legal and procedural framework for their investigation process. This paper aims to propose a model of legal and procedural framework in cybercrime investigation where a digital image is considered as primary evidence. The model is constructed based on Indian laws and regulations.
We consider the analysis of network traffic data for identifying highly agile DNS patterns which are widely considered indicative for cybercrime. In contrast to related approaches, our methodology is capable of explicitly distinguishing between the individual, inherent agility of benign Internet services and criminal sites. Although some benign services use a large number of addresses, they are confined to a subset of IP addresses, due to operational requirements and contractual agreements with certain Content Distribution Networks. We discuss DNSMap, a system which analyzes observed DNS traffic, and continuously learns which FQDNs are hosted on which IP addresses. Any significant changes over time are mapped to bipartite graphs, which are then further pruned for cybercrime activity. Graph analysis enables the detection of transitive relations between FQDNs and IPs, and reveals clusters of malicious FQDNs and IP addresses hosting them. We developed a prototype system which is designed for realtime analysis, requires no costly classifier retraining, and no excessive whitelisting. We evaluate our system using large data sets from an ISP with several 100,000 customers, and demonstrate that even moderately agile criminal sites can be detected reliably and almost immediately. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
It has only been recently that fear of crime scholars have shifted their attention to online contexts. The current systematic review provides an overview of available studies on measurement, intensity and determinants of fear of cybercrime. While matters of measurement and conceptualisation has sprung a sizeable and vivid debate in the general fear of crime literature, we aim to scope this debate for the online context by scrutinizing the available knowledge base. At the same time, and by providing an overview of correlates of fear of cybercrime, we aim to provide a fertile ground for theory building specific to the online context. A comprehensive literature search was conducted, yielding a total of 28 relevant studies from a range of (sub)disciplines, using a variety of measures in terms of the particular emotion measured (fear, worry, anxiety) and the type of cybercrime it related to. We find considerable agreement between studies on classic fear of crime indicators such as gender, victimization and risk perception. At the same time, various studies report a relationship between fear of cybercrime and what is termed 'constrained behavior', as outcome measure. Implications of these findings, and future directions for fear of cybercrime research are discussed.
In recent years, content-based cybercrime detection has become a topic of attraction among researchers. Cybercrime has emerged as a money-driven industry with malicious intent towards online social networks. Cyber-criminals aim to manipulate vulnerable areas in cyberspace by playing on human understanding and making a profit. They threaten minors, especially adolescents, who are not adequately overseen while online. To address this issue, there is an urgent need for a robust content-based cybercrime detection framework. The aim of this research work is to explore possible combinations of various preprocessing, feature selection and classification methodologies using the cuckoo search metaheuristic approach. This approach seeks to improve the performance of content-based cybercrime detection system. For the purpose of this research, four publicly available datasets for cyberbullying detection have been utilized for evaluating the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm. The algorithm was then further compared with three recent cyberbullying detection models based on various evaluation parameters. These parameters included precision, recall and f-measure. The experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach. This approach outperformed other recent techniques on all the datasets, giving high predictive recall value via tenfold cross-validation.
Nowadays, artificial intelligence is widely used in various fields and industries. Cybercrime is a concern of these days, and artificial intelligence is used to detect this type of crime. Crime detection systems generally detect the crime by training from the related data over a period of time, but sometimes some samples in a dataset may have no label. Therefore, in this paper, a method based on semi-supervised neural network is presented regarding crime types detection. As the neural network is a supervised classification system, therefore, this paper presents a pseudo-label method for neural network optimization and develops it to semi-supervised classification. In the proposed method, firstly the dataset is divided into two sections, labelled and unlabelled, and then the trained section is used to estimate the labelling of the unlabelled samples based on pseudo-labels. The results indicate that the proposed method improves the accuracy, Precision and Recall up to 99.83%, 99.83% and 99.83%, respectively.
Currently cybercrime awareness education tends to be generic, which is not useful for certain demographics, such as older adults, who are at a higher risk of victimisation due to their potential unfamiliarity with cyberspace norms and practices. The Cybercrime Awareness Clinic team carried out focus groups and interviews with older adults with the aim of gaining a better understanding of their cybercrime perceptions and experiences. Fifteen older adults over 60 years participated in focus groups or semi-structured interviews and discussed their experiences of using the internet and dealing with cybercrime. The study concluded that older adults have specific cyberawareness resource requirements, which reinforces the need for more tailored prevention and reporting mechanisms. Education in relation to cyber-risks and prevention is crucial, but can only be effective when co-designed with those that are supposed to receive this training in a grassroots way. (c) 2021 Dr. Vasileios Karagiannopoulos, Dr. Annie Kirby, Shakiba Oftadeh-Moghadam, Dr. Lisa Sugiura. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cybercrime activities are supported by infrastructures and services originating from an underground economy. The current understanding of this phenomenon is that the cybercrime economy ought to be fraught with information asymmetry and adverse selection problems. They should make the effects that we observe every day impossible to sustain. In this paper, we show that the market structure and design used by cyber criminals have evolved toward a market design that is similar to legitimate, thriving, online forum markets such as eBay. We illustrate this evolution by comparing the market regulatory mechanisms of two underground forum markets: 1) a failed market for credit cards and other illegal goods and 2) another, extremely active marketplace for vulnerabilities, exploits, and cyber attacks in general. The comparison shows that cybercrime markets evolved from unruly, scam for scammers market mechanisms to mature, regulated mechanisms that greatly favors trade efficiency.
With the popularity of computer and internet, cybercrime is rampant. However, the characteristics of internet making it more difficult to monitor the cybercrime, such as openness anonymity high speed and across localization. In this paper, we propose a new method to prevent cybercrime. Critical Information are taken as important information to monitor burst cybercrime events in massive data. With the detection of characters about critical people and information, we can quickly discover the network crime, and then the government can intervene in time. Therefore, this method can reduce the harm of cybercrime, and the loss of state.
This paper models cybercrime by adding an active victim to the seminal Becker model of crime. The victim invests in security that may protect her from a cybercrime and, if the cybercrime is thwarted, generate evidence that can be used for prosecution. Successful crimes leave insufficient evidence for apprehension and conviction and, thus, cannot be punished. Results show that increased penalties for cybercriminals lead them to exert more effort and make cybercrimes more likely to succeed. Above a threshold they also lead victims to invest less in security. It may be impossible to deter cybercriminals by punishing them. Deterrence is possible, but not necessarily optimal, through punishing victims, such as data controllers or processors that fail to protect their networks.
The paper deals with cybersecurity issues of objects of critical information infrastructures that are essential in the state's defense capability, its economic and social development. The dynamics of cybercrime in Ukraine and the world is analyzed. Ways to improve the protection of the state's critical information infrastructure have been identified.
Purpose Open innovation is important for technology firms as they can use freely available resources to source creative and innovative ideas. Despite the usefulness of open innovation for technological advancements, few studies have focused on the role of cybercrime in affecting an organizations strategic direction. The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of open innovation on cybercrime in technology firms. Design/methodology/approach Semi-structured in-depth interviews were conducted on technology firms to understand the role of open innovation in terms of technology scouting, horizontal collaboration and vertical collaboration on cybercrime activity. Findings The study found that there is a dilemma most technology firm's face in having an open innovation strategy and how to manage cybercrime. This means that a coopetition strategy is utilized that helps to not only balance the need to have open innovation but also protect intellectual property. Originality/value This paper is one of the first to link open innovation strategy to cybercrime activity in technology firms. Thus, it contributes to the literature on open innovation and cyber theft and security.
The threat of formal sanctions is the criminal justice system's primary tool to discourage online and offline deviant behavior. Yet, scholars have expressed strong concerns about the effectiveness of formal sanctions to deter cybercrime. Even more surprising is the sparsity of deterrence research in the cybercrime literature. This study examined the effects of perceived formal and informal sanctions on digital piracy, computer hacking, and online harassment in a large American college sample. Perceived formal sanctions was negatively correlated with software piracy, media piracy, password cracking, accessing accounts, sending mean messages privately online, and posting mean messages. Higher levels of perceived formal sanctions did not significantly predict any form of cybercrime, however, when controlling for informal sanctions and deviant peer associations. The implications of the findings for our ability to deter deviant behavior in cyberspace are explored.
Cybercriminals increasingly use sophisticated tools and advanced methods to attack bank systems. This study intends to highlight the cybercrime investigation of ATM heist in Taiwan. A cybercrime investigation framework of bank ATM heist from ISO/IEC 27043: 2015 processes class is proposed to address the issue and to help investigators explore the truth. It describes a prototype framework that is current under development, and demonstrates how ISO/IEC 27043: 2015 processes class can provide investigators with great abilities to interpret data generated by cyber forensics tools.
The advancements and rapid development of the cyber world have not resulted in mere positive effects. The major negative influence observed in the virtual environment is cybercrime. The loss of limits concerning time and space on the internet can influence everything. A cracker/hacker can easily get into a third party's system without legal or authoritative permission. Different nations have implemented cybercrime laws to regulate the control over data safety and the non-breaching of privacy. Indonesia is also one of those countries that are exhibiting cyber-crime ratios to a great degree. As cybercrime is not merely confined to the internet but can also be undertaken through a network that transfers signals such as telephone communication etc. Therefore, the Indonesian government is active towards applying the law as it implements online crime. The present study aims to analyze the application of different common law principles in reducing cybercrime in the country. Through the present research, different laws, principles, and articles have been discussed concerning the cyber-security in Indonesia. Some of the regulations have been implemented in the Penal Code which also includes the UUTE (Law of information and electronic transactions). By incorporating the system, the cases of cybercrime can be decreased in Indonesia.
Cybercriminal activity has exploded in the past decade, with diverse threats ranging from phishing attacks to botnets and drive-by-downloads afflicting millions of computers worldwide. In response, a volunteer defense has emerged, led by security companies, infrastructure operators, and vigilantes. This reactionary force does not concern itself with making proactive upgrades to the cyber infrastructure. Instead, it operates on the front lines by remediating infections as they appear. We construct a model of the abuse reporting infrastructure in order to explain how voluntary action against cybercrime functions today, in hopes of improving our understanding of what works and how to make remediation more effective in the future. We examine the incentives to participate among data contributors, affected resource owners, and intermediaries. Finally, we present a series of key attributes that differ among voluntary actions to investigate further through experimentation, pointing toward a research agenda that could establish causality between interventions and outcomes.
Unprecedented and rapid expansion of ICT has meant it has become a common platform for prospective criminals intending to commit crimes in a non-traditional manner. These new-age crimes are popularly known as cybercrimes in the form of stalking, hacking, cyber obscenity, cyber theft, breach of confidentiality, etc. The rampant growth of IT has pushed the legislators of developing countries like Bangladesh into various challenges and difficulties in moulding new legal regimes to govern the virtual world from multiple types of cyber problems. Now cybercrime in social media is in a state of flux, which not only demands adequate tools to combat this but also requires terminological clarification of particular conduct as cybercrime or not. The paper attempts to depict several sorts of cybercrime in cyberspace, particularly in social media. It also examines existing regulations in light of current issues using data analysis of acquired samples from specific locations to anticipate clever minds of possible cybercriminals.
This qualitative study explores the perspectives and experiences of digital consumers who have been victims of agricultural produce-related digital crimes. This study aims to comprehend how victims experience and deal with the impact of cybercrime, as well as their perceptions of the effectiveness of the legal and criminal justice system in addressing cybercrime, through in-depth interviews with 26 digital consumers of agricultural produce associated with cybercrime from Labone, East Legon, Dzorwulu, Roman Ridge and Cantoments in the Greater Accra Region, Ghana. Thematic analysis was used to analyze the data. Data were processed in NVivo. Based on the study findings, it was concluded that cybercrime victims endured a variety of emotional, psychological, and financial repercussions. Cybercrime has a profound emotional impact on victims with regard to feeling angry, frustrated, or violated. Victims also suffer significant financial losses, which puts them in anguish and financial difficulty. Furthermore, the study concluded that victims of cybercrime have conflicting views on how well civil and criminal justice systems work to combat it. Although some victims think that the judicial system works well for them, others believe it is slow and ineffective, which makes them feel frustrated and helpless. The study recommends the need for more effective support and assistance for victims of cybercrime with respect to digital consumers of agricultural produce. This study underscores the need for greater awareness of cybercrime, as well as more effective and efficient mechanisms for reporting, investigating, and prosecuting cybercrime.
"Healthcare was an early adopter of ICT with the goal of improving physicians' work. The digital revolution of healthcare started several years ago with the introduction of informatics into hospitals. Today healthcare is again at the forefront: as one of the most attacked and promising areas of exploitation for cybercriminals and cyberterrorists due to the abundance of valuable information and for its role in critical infrastructure. Patients' world also changed radically and went through an ICT revolution; nowadays healthcare operators and patients' worlds are highly digitalized, modifying how healthcare operators and patients offer and use services. This chapter, starting from an introduction to the new paradigms of the modern workforces, will introduce the concepts of Hospital 2.0, the patient ecosystem and will explore specific cybercrime and cyberterrorism threats."
In the past decade, online crime has begun to emerge, owing to Bitcoin what was released in 2009 [1], which was an excellent tool for cybercriminals to launder their income from illegal sources. In our research, we investigate the relationship between Bitcoin as cryptocurrency and cybercrime through theoretical examples and real crimes. Besides blockchain - registry and inventory system for the recording, tracking, monitoring, and transacting - various cyber-attack modes are presented, and solution and protection suggestions are also introduced that make the cyberspace more protected.
This article examines the resource sharing functionality of the decryption platform of Europol. The platform supports European law enforcement agencies (LEAs) that are having difficulties accessing legally obtained encrypted evidence due to the lack of human and technical resources. The article investigates Europol's resource transmission role with sharing economy variables such as transaction cost and trust-building. The core argument of the article is that Europol's sharing platform has a strong potential to reduce the transaction cost of outsourcing the decryption services and diminish trust-related problems for national policing agencies by replacing private sector actors. However, for a more sustainable cybercrime investigation strategy, the decryption platform needs a new market-oriented model supported with robust vetting and evidence security mechanisms to encourage more private company participation.
"The new types of cybercrime have different features from traditional cumulative crimes. The application of the relevant provisions of the Criminal Law has run into difficulties, and the relevant theoretical explanations of substantive preparatory crime and being an accomplice in crime find it hard to achieve self-consistency. Legislation on the new types of cybercrime is a legitimate response to recent changes in this area. Utilizing the particular techniques of cybercrime and the circumstantial requirement of limiting the amount of criminal harm is the key to satisfying the conditions for offences warranting criminal punishment. The harmfulness of the new types of cybercrime is not great; the law's circumstantial requirements are flexible, and the criteria for judicial application are unclear, so the law's provisions are seldom invoked and the sphere of criminal activity is unduly expanded. In order to give full play to the effectiveness of this legislation, we should formulate reasonable judicial rules that accord with the constitution of cybercrimes, narrow down the constituent elements of such crimes in a reasonable way, and categorize and limit the interpretation of circumstantial requirements."
Through an inductive thematic analysis of semi-structured interviews with experts, this study corroborates key findings on contextual and organisational dynamics behind profit-driven cybercrime. The findings pinpoint three contextual factors influencing individuals to participate in profit-driven cybercrime: lack of legal economic opportunities, lack of deterrents, and drifting means. The findings also highlight how experts perceive group structures of those behind profit-driven cybercrime: as organised, enterprise-like, loose networks, or communities. Experts' narratives, moreover, emphasise the presence of a workforce at the periphery of cybercrime groups. Such a workforce is not actively involved in developing criminal schemes, yet it helps their orchestration by achieving necessary tasks such as writing texts or developing software. The study results confirm key insights on crime participation related to both cyber and non-cybercrime literature while also raising new research avenues, including questions concerning to what extent those forming the peripheral workforce are willing to participate in cybercrime.
This article presents the first study on post-conviction polygraphy in the Netherlands. Importantly, it exclusively focuses on cybercrime offenders. The study is designed to systematically address the different child sexual behaviours exhibited by 25 participants who are in treatment for possessing child abuse images. The results indicate that post-conviction polygraphy can provide additional data to inform the development of theory in this area and contribute to the treatment, supervision, and more effective containment of offending behaviour and the reduction of future victimization.
Research examining the illicit online market for cybercrime services operating via web forums, such as malicious software, personal information, and hacking tools, has greatly improved our understanding of the practices of buyers and sellers, and the social forces that structure actor behavior. The majority of these studies are based on open markets, which can be accessed by anyone with minimal barriers to entry. There are, however, closed communities operating online that are thought to operate with greater trust and reliability between participants, as they must be vetted and approved by existing community members. The decision to allow individuals to join a forum may reflect restrictive deterrence practices on the part of existing members, as those applicants may threaten the security or operations of the group. This study utilized a quantitative analysis to understand the factors associated with rejection for individuals who sought membership in the organized and sophisticated closed forum run by and for cybercriminals called Darkode. The findings demonstrated that individuals whose perceived engagement with the hacker community and cybercrime marketplace were considered too risky for membership. The implications of this study for our understanding of restrictive deterrence theory, as well as criminal market operations on and offline were explored in depth.
Cybersecurity is one of the most significant concerns of life in the 21st century and safeguarding information systems is an arduous task for governments and companies across the globe. The tremendous growth in wireless communication and extensive usage of cyberspace has weakened privacy. Eventually, cybercrime has become the substantial threat to all the organizations in the world because of its devastating implications on diverse sectors associated to human. This paper explores few impacts of cybercrime to understand the intensity of damage it can cause. Besides, Qatar is taken as a case study to emphasize the exigency of securing cyberspace. The contribution of this work identifies the past cyber-attacks in Qatar to generate consciousness and to trigger actions for improving national security. The recent major cyber-attack on Qatar News Agency which led to catastrophic results and threatened Qatar's diplomacy is also outlined along with the critical challenges that are being faced by the security of Qatar. As cybercrime crosses borders of all nations, this paper emphasizes the need for global response to curb it. Additionally, it delineates the fact that attacks in cyberspace are not just driven by financial gain, but by politics or disinformation to denigrate and cause emotional harm.
It is widely accepted that technology is an agent of change in the society. If used properly, it can increase productivity and improve our quality of life. However, the current rate of change in technology leaves room for it to be exploited and be used for things it was not meant to do. This includes criminal activities which are carried using technology on the cyberspace that can be classified as cybercrime. Cybercrime or computer crime can be defined as a criminal activity in which computers or computer networks are a tool, a target or a place of criminal activity. Cybercrime can also be defined as the leveraging of information systems and technology to commit larceny, extortion, identity theft, fraud and, in some cases, corporate espionage. In this chapter, we explore the challenges of combating cybercrime given its dynamic, pervasive and international nature. We examine in detail the technical, social and legal factors that are continually shaping the landscape of cybercrime. Further, the chapter consolidates research and practical work in the area of cybercrime, emerging perspectives, paradigms and trends. A deliberate effort is made in making sure that the role of underground economy is clearly spelled out and its contribution to cybercrime is analysed. The impact of new laws which are being quickly enacted without much thought, discussion on the regulatory framework for combating cybercrime and ethical dimension of cybercrime given its global nature are examined. This chapter is expected to stimulate constructive discussions on novel ways of mitigating and promoting research in cybercrime.
The dependence of information societies on the availability of Internet service as well as successful attacks against critical information infrastructures has led to an increasing discussion about strategies to respond to terrorist use of the Internet and cybercrime. Very frequently a comprehensive approach is identified as an adequate response. The following article provides an overview about the necessary components of such approach and puts them into context.
Big data and cybercrime are creating 'upstream', big data related cyber-dependent crimes such as data breaches. They are essential components in a cybercrime chain which forms a cybercrime ecosystem that cascades 'downstream' to give rise to further crimes, such as fraud, extortion, etc., where the data is subsequently monetized. These downstream crimes have a massive impact upon victims and data subjects. The upstream and downstream crimes are often committed by entirely different offending actors against different victim groups, which complicates and frustrates the reporting, recording, investigative and prosecution processes. Taken together the crime stream's cascade effect creates unprecedented societal challenges that need addressing in the face of the advances of AI and the IoT. This phenomenon is explored here by unpacking the TalkTalk case study to conceptualize how big data and cloud computing are creating cascading effects of disorganized, distributed and escalating data crime. As part of the larger CRITiCal project, the paper also hypothesizes key factors triggering the cascade effect and suggests a methodology to further investigate and understand it.
It is increasingly argued that the primary motive of the cybercriminal and the major reason for the continued growth in cyber attacks is financial gain. In addition to the direct financial impact of cybercrime, it can also be argued that the digital data and the information it represents that can be communicated through the Internet, can have additional intrinsic value to the cybercriminal. In response to the perceived value and subsequent demand for illicit data, a sophisticated and self-sufficient underground digital economy has emerged. The aim of this paper is to extend the author's earlier research that first introduced the concept of the Cybercrime Execution Stack by examining in detail the underlying data objectives of the cybercriminal. Both technical and non-technical law enforcement investigators need the ability to contextualise and structure the illicit activities of the cybercriminal, in order to communicate this understanding amongst the wider law enforcement community. By identifying the potential value of electronic data to the cybercriminal, and discussing this data in the context of data collection, data supply and distribution, and data use, demonstrates the relevance and advantages of utilising an objective data perspective when investigating cybercrime. (C) 2012 Paul Hunton. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The research paper deals with the search for practical means of enhancing the functional and organizational capabilities of the security police in combating cybercrime. The research paper separately examines the influence of municipal security police on the cybercrime combating system. It also reveals the interaction of the municipal police with the system of national police authorities. The conclusion is that there is a need to introduce municipal security police in Ukraine to increase the flexibility and mobility of law enforcement agencies in responding to cybercrime, and to enhance the level of protection of municipal property that may be targeted by cybercrimes.
Purpose The use of computer technology to commit cyber laundering increases their social danger, creates new ways to commit cyber laundering, causes the masking of traces of cyber laundering and expands the geography of cyber laundering, while eliminating traditional state borders. That is why, the researched problems have a high level of relevance. The purpose of this research is to promote the spread of international standards in the field of combating money laundering, as well as an analysis of the mechanisms of money laundering obtained from cybercrime. Design/methodology/approach The leading methods that were used in the article for the purpose of conducting research were a number of general scientific methods, such as analysis and synthesis, deduction, induction, forecasting, modeling, analogy and a number of special methods of study and cognition, which include comparative legal, historical legal, formal legal and structural functional methods. Findings The main results prospects for further research and the applied value of the material. Large-scale cyber laundering of illegal income has long become a global problem that requires a solution from all states of the world, which means that these problems can only be overcome through active interstate cooperation. Originality/value The article analyzes inter alia the international legislation in the field of money laundering mechanisms obtained from cybercrime and examines the activities of international organizations in this area.
"The following chapter provides an in depth look at a broad selection challenges related to Cybercrime and Cyberterrorism, as identified through prolonged engagement with a multitude of horizontal and vertical cyber-security stakeholders. Out of six critical areas identified, the two leading causes, were through the evolving rate of technology, and, the subsequent lack of education, awareness and training. These two underlying factors further influenced and affected the severity of the additional four critical areas; the capability of investigators, cooperation and information sharing, legislative systems and data protection, and, organisational and societal resilience. Through the consultation and elicitation of information from over 90 individual domain experts, practitioners and security stakeholders, the research of this chapter is dedicated towards improving international awareness towards leading threats, vulnerabilities, and challenges to the continually evolving sphere of cybersecurity."
Research has established that individuals lower in self-control are at increased risk of offline criminal victimization due to their proclivity to engage in risky routine activities. While some studies have investigated whether a similar pattern is observed in the online context, additional inquiry into whether the link between low self-control and cybercrime victimization operates indirectly through risky online behavior is warranted given certain measurement and methodological limitations of prior research. Using original data collected on a sample of young adults, we find that the association between low self-control and a variety measure of cybercrime victimization operates entirely and indirectly through a variety measure of risky online behaviors. The implications of this finding for policy and programing are discussed.
Countries have employed the Internet proxy as a censorship mechanism for various reasons. Concurrently, cyber criminal activities continue to rise. This research explores peoples' engagement in bypassing the Internet proxy and if it is related to cyber criminal engagement. Through an experimental design, participants were randomly assigned to three groups. Using manipulation paragraphs, in the first group (Group 1), a positive view on the Internet proxy was presented. In the second group (Group 2), a negative view on the Internet proxy was presented. The third group (Group 3) was used as the control group, where the participants' view of the Internet proxy was not manipulated. All three groups were asked to self-report their rate of proxy bypass (SRPBE) and cybercrime engagement (CCI). The results indicated a significant positive correlation between self-reported cyber criminal engagement and self-reported proxy bypass engagement. The results also showed that individuals with more knowledge in computers are more likely to bypass the Internet proxy. However, individuals with better knowledge in computers are not necessarily the ones that are more likely to commit cyber criminal activities. The results were inconclusive on whether or not the manipulation paragraphs used had an effect on the participants' view of the Internet Proxy.
"Under what conditions is the Internet more likely to be used maliciously for criminal activity? This study examines the conditions under which the Internet is associated with cybercriminal offenses. Using comprehensive state-level data in the United States during 2004-2010, our findings show that there is no clear empirical evidence that the Internet penetration rate is related to the number of Internet crime perpetrators; however, cybercriminal activities are contingent upon socioeconomic factors and connection speed. Specifically, a higher income, more education, a lower poverty rate, and a higher inequality are likely to make the Internet penetration be more positively related with cybercrime perpetrators, which are indeed different from the conditions of terrestrial crime in the real world. In addition, as opposed to narrowband, the broad-band connections are significantly and positively associated with the number of Internet crime perpetrators, and it amplifies the aforementioned moderating effects of socioeconomic status on Internet crime offenses. Taken together, cybercrime requires more than just a skilled perpetrator, and it requires an infrastructure to facilitate profiteering from the act."
At present, cybercrime has become a serious phenomenon. It not only leads to the harm for the society, but also leads to the challenge for the academic circle. So it is very important for the university to develop a related curriculum and train students to deal with it. East China University of Political Science and Law has set up a curriculum named as cyber-crime and computer forensics for eight years. Usually, the students who are liberal arts majors are short of computer science knowledge. The author overcomes the difficulty and gets great achievement. Thus, the curriculum has been supported by the university as the undergraduate construction course in 2016. The teaching experience will be written in the teaching material in 2018.
The widespread use of the Internet and cyberspace has allowed the development of new criminal forms of transnational nature that harm patrimonial as well as personal interests of users. Even more, these crimes could affect collective interests if they are based on attacks with a background of cyber racism or cyberterrorism. The current study provides a variety of topics such as the phenomenological characterization of cybercrime in Ecuador, the analysis of information related to the country obtained from national and international organizations, the determination of its growth and incidence. These results have been organized in order to be compatible and interrelated also with other demographic and economic data. One of the main targets of the outcome of this study has been to consider the analysis in the combat of the corresponding scourge in a systematic and structured way, so that legislators and planners of the national cybersecurity policy may be provided with a powerful database and tool for activities in a higher, strategic level. Furthermore, this analysis may be applied to other countries in the region that experience similar realities.
This study aims to analyze the importance of strengthening legal concepts in overcoming cybercrime during the Covid-19 pandemic in Indonesia. The Covid-19 pandemic that hit Indonesia made some people lose many things in various aspects of their lives due to multiple types of cybercrimes that often occur in society, such as malware attacks, trojan activities, and information leaks. The Electronic Information and Transactions Law (ITE) Number 11 of 2008 and the revised version of the ITE Law Number 19 of 2016 have historically been the legal basis for regulating cyber security in Indonesia. However, this regulation does not include essential parts of cybersecurity such as information and network infrastructure and human resources with cybersecurity experience. Thus, it is necessary to know how important it is to strengthen legal concepts in overcoming cybercrime during the Covid-19 pandemic in Indonesia. This study uses a qualitative approach. The data sources are from various online news media and relevant research journals and analyzed using the NVivo12 Plus application. Based on the results of the analysis, this study found that the acceleration of the ratification of the Personal Data Protection Bill, the establishment of special regulations related to cybersecurity and cybercrime, the creation of a multi-sectoral cyber security management ecosystem, as well as increasing awareness and capacity of human resources in the cyber security sector are alternative policies that must be considered and realized to strengthen the concept of law in overcoming various cyber crimes during the Covid-19 pandemic in Indonesia.
The growing prevalence of cybercrime, particularly among young adults, necessitates the promotion of digital citizenship to educate students about responsible online behavior and to equip them with the skills to mitigate cyber risks. The specific objective of this study was to investigate the effect of digital citizenship skills on the prevention of cybercrime among higher education students. A mixed-method approach, including surveys and interviews, was employed to collect data from 652 students in Saudi Arabia. This study found that digital citizenship generally has a significant impact on students' awareness and prevention of cybercrime through the development of responsible online behavior. Knowledge of digital law came first, followed by beliefs about digital manners. Digital communication skills came third, followed by digital rights, knowledge, and duties in fourth place. Then, digital commerce skills and digital health beliefs came fifth and sixth, respectively. This was followed by digital access skills, then digital security, and finally digital culture. The results also revealed a negative statistical relationship between digital citizenship and cybercrimes' various forms including national, financial, banking, social, immoral, insulting, slanderous, defaming, threatening, and harassment in virtual learning environments. These findings have significant implications for the understanding of how higher education institutions can promote digital citizenship and prevent cybercrime by integrating digital citizenship education into their curriculum, providing training for educators, and establishing clear policies and guidelines for responsible online behavior.
"Darknet drug market participants must complete a distinct cybercrime script if they are to successfully procure illicit substances online. This paper details the four generic stages (i.e. Informational Accumulation; Account Formation; Market Exchange; Delivery/Receipt) of a novel cybercrime script for Darknet drug markets. It also presents vignette examples of known law enforcement interventions that have effectively targeted each stage of the script to reduce usage of these marketplaces. While law enforcement interventions to close specific Darknet markets tend to have only short-lived effects on levels of illicit activity, the lens of the cryptomarket crime script highlights numerous additional steps beyond closure that law enforcement can effectively undertake to reduce use of these platforms."
"The increased of cybercrime incidents taking place in the world is at its perilous magnitude causing losses in term of money and trust. Even though there are various cybersecurity solutions in place; the threat of cybercrime is still a hard problem. Exploration of cybercrime challenges, especially the preventions and detections of the cybercrime should be investigated by composing all the stakeholders and players of a cybercrime issue. In this paper; an exploration of several cybercrime stakeholders is done. It is argued that cybercrime is a systemic threat and cannot be tackled with cybersecurity and legal systems. The architectural model proposed is significant and should become one of the considered milestones in designing security control in tackling cybercrime globally. (C) 2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V."
The purpose of STAIDCC20 workshop is to bring together a mixture of inter-disciplinary researchers and practitioners working in defence, cybercrime and cybersecurity application areas to discuss and explore the challenges and future research directions around socio-technical AI systems. The workshop will showcase where the state of the art is in socio-technical AI, charting a path around issues including transparency, trustworthiness, explaining bias and error, incorporating human judgment and ethical frameworks for deployment of socio-technical AI in the future.
"The Response Time Concealed Information Test (RT-CIT) can reveal that a person recognises a relevant item (e.g., a murder weapon) among other control items, based on slower responses to the former compared to the latter ones. To date, the RT-CIT has been predominantly examined only in the context of scenarios that are very unlikely in real life, while sporadic assessment has shown that it suffers from low diagnostic accuracy in more realistic scenarios. In our study, we validated the RT-CIT in the new, realistic, and very topical mock scenario of a cybercrime (Study 1, n = 614; Study 2; n = 553), finding significant though moderate effects. At the same time (and expanded with a concealed identity scenario; Study 3, n = 250), we assessed the validity and generalizability of the filler items presented in the RT-CIT: We found similar diagnostic accuracies when using specific, generic, and even nonverbal items. However, the relatively low diagnostic accuracy in case of the cybercrime scenario reemphasizes the importance of assessments in realistic scenarios as well as the need for further improving the RT-CIT."
With the growing sophistication and use of information technology, the past decade has witnessed a major growth in financial cybercrime. This paper focuses specifically on credit card fraud and identity theft, examining the globalisation of these activities within a 'digital ecosystem' conceptual framework. The relevance of concepts and analytical tools typically used to study legitimate businesses, such as value chains, dynamic capabilities and business models, is explored and tested for their relevance in understanding the scale and nature of illegal activities which are dependant upon innovation and the collective activities of global participants. It is argued that developing a better understanding of how such illegal activities are organised and operate will assist policy makers, law enforcement agencies and security firms to identify trends and concentrate limited resources in a most effective manner. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
In this paper, we propose a network economic model of cybercrime with a focus on financial services, since such organizations are one of the principal targets of such illicit activity. This multiproduct model is constructed as a layered bipartite network with supply price, transaction cost, and demand price functions linking the networks. A novelty of the new model is the incorporation of average time associated with illicit product delivery at the demand markets with the demand price functions being decreasing functions of such times, as noted in reality. The governing equilibrium conditions are formulated as a variational inequality problem with qualitative properties of the solution presented. An algorithm, with nice features for computations, is then applied to two sets of numerical examples in order to illustrate the model and computational procedure as well as the types of interventions that can be investigated from a policy perspective to make it more difficult for cybercriminals to obtain sensitive data.
"Cybercrime has increased significantly, recently, as a result of both individual and group criminal practice, and is now a threat to individuals, organisations, and democratic systems worldwide. However, cybercrime raises two main challenges for legal systems: firstly, because cybercriminals operate online, cybercrime spans beyond the boundaries of specific jurisdictions, which constrains the operation of the police and, subsequently, the conviction of the perpetrators; secondly, since cybercriminals can operate from anywhere in the world, law enforcement agencies struggle to identify the origin of the communications, especially when obfuscation strategies are used, e.g. dark web fora. Nevertheless, cybercriminals inherently use language to communicate, so the linguistic analysis of suspect communications is particularly helpful in deterring cybercriminal practice. This article reports the potential of forensic translation in the fight against cybercrime. Although the term 'forensic translation' is typically understood as a synonym of 'legal translation', it is argued that the implications of forensic translation span beyond those of legal translation, to include analyses of language rights, of the right to interpretation and translation in legal procedures (in the EU), or even investigative and intelligence practices. Translation is a pervasive activity that is conducted, not only by professional translators, but also by lay speakers of language, often using machine translation systems. The ease of use of the latter makes it particularly suitable for cross-border criminal (e.g. extortion or fraud) and cybercriminal communications (e.g. cybertrespass, cyberfraud, cyberpiracy, cyberporn or child online porn, cyberviolence or cyberstalking). This article presents the results of the analysis of cybercriminal communications from a forensic translation perspective. It demonstrates that translation is frequently used to spread cybercriminal communications, and that reverse-engineering the translational procedure will assist law enforcement agencies in narrowing down their pool of suspects and, consequently, deter cybercriminal threats."
The article studies the discourse and a legal uncertainty of the popular and generally understandable concept of cybercrime. The authors reveal the doctrinal approaches to the definition of cybercrime, cyberspace, computer crime. The analysis of international legal acts and legislation of Ukraine in fighting cybercrime is carried out. The conclusion is made about the need to improve national legislation and establish international cooperation to develop the tools for countering cybercrime and minimizing its negative outcomes. The phenomenon of nicknames is studied as a semantic source, which potentially generates a number of threats and troubles - the crisis of traditional anthroponymic culture, identity crisis, hidden sociality, and indefinite institutionalization, incognito style, a range of manifestations of loneliness - from voluntary solitude to traumatic isolation and forced detachment. The core idea is that it is the phenomenon of incognito and hidden name (nickname and other alternatives) that is the motivational stimulus for the fact of information trouble or crime.
With the increased usage of the internet and innovative technological innovations, hacking another person's system or electronic devices has become easier. Technology on one hand is beneficial for making lives easier but also exerts threats in the form of many issues such as bullying and cyber-crimes. Cybercrime and bullying have increased significantly in Indonesia in the last few years. The present study has reviewed the rules and legislations implemented in Indonesia against the prevailing problems of cybercrime and bullying. So, the research aims to explore the common laws and approaches to addressing cybercrime and bullying of adolescents in Indonesia. In Indonesia bullying, as a criminal act is regulated under the Child protection act, ITE Law and KUP. And cybercrime is regulated under Law Number 11 in 2008. Results provide valuable insights and a detailed review of laws and activities relevant to the issue under discussion. The present study holds greater theoretical and practical importance as this study is a valuable addition to the growing body of literature regarding cybercrime and bullying in Indonesia. Furthermore, the regulatory bodies of Indonesia can also gain insights from the study by focusing on required amendments to cater to the prevailing problems in a better way in the country.
This chapter describes the fight against cybercrime from a European perspective. Law enforcement agencies always have had an important role when it comes to fighting crime. However, in this digital era, several problems hamper the effectiveness of the police combating crime. Therefore, the first part of this chapter describes the difficulties the police have in fighting cybercrime. The second part of the chapter focuses on one of the strategies to overcome some of these difficulties, namely forming alliances with private institutes. This joint-up approach is mostly realized by public-private partnerships (PPPs), consisting of formalized cooperation between governmental authorities and important stakeholders. Cooperation between governmental and private actors is no sinecure, as will appear from a public administration perspective. Successful cooperation depends on several factors, which will be theoretically described and practically illustrated. Conclusively, the discussion paragraph handles the common dilemma of the extent to which the government should play a leading role in the fight against (cyber) crime.
"The wealth of beneficial tools for online interaction, consumption, and access to others also bring new risks for harmful experiences online. This study examines the association between cybercrime victimization and subjective well-being (SWB) and, based on the buffering effect hypothesis, tests the assumption of the protective function of social belonging in cybercrime victimization. Cross-national data from the United States, United Kingdom, Germany, and Finland (N=3,557; Internet users aged 15-30 years; 49.85 percent female) were analyzed using descriptive statistics and main and moderation effect models. Results show that cybercrime victimization has a negative association with SWB after adjusting for a number of confounding factors. This association concerns both general cybercrime victimization and subcategories such as victimization to offensive cybercrime and cyberfraud. In line with the buffering effect hypothesis, social belonging to offline groups was shown to moderate the negative association between SWB and cybercrime victimization. The same effect was not found in the social belonging to online groups. Overall, the study indicates that, analogously to crime victimization in the offline context, cybercrime is a harmful experience whose negative effects mainly concern those users who have weak social ties offline to aid in coping with such stressors."
"The Dark Web or DarkNet has attracted both considerable media and scholarly attention. This forms part of a broader tradition of analyzing relatively open cybercriminal marketplaces and forums. With the aid of data collected over a 7-year period, the focus of this paper is to help demarcate beyond the Dark Web alone - all the layers within the world of profit-driven cybercrime. These include: 1) the top layer, which is the most open forums and marketplaces, whether Dark Web or otherwise; 2) the middle layer of more closely vetted forums; 3) the bottom layer of even smaller and more closed groupings; 4) the molten core, which is centered on the offline organization of cybercrime. The purpose of this analysis is to identify key aspects of the underground economy which warrant further scholarly attention, and to suggest possible approaches to engage with these subjects going forward."
Cyber threats have increased in Iraq with the introduction of new technologies. This study aimed to investigate the cyber security measures currently in place in Iraq and understand how predictive models can be adopted to investigate cybercrimes in Iraq. The study used a descriptive and explorative approach, with Literature review and documentation research as main data collection instruments. In a meta-review of past studies, the cybersecurity risks prevalent in Iraq were identified and explored whether predictive models can be used to eliminate cybercrimes. The study analyzed how predictive analytics proved a potential security application and assisted the law enforcement agencies to cope up with cybercrimes against national security. While the study also encountered the frailty and vulnerability of cybersecurity in Iraq, it identified the benefits of Predictive AI models. The study concluded that Iraq needs an early warning system that can address to the cybercrime issues, reduce vulnerabilities, disseminate general cybersecurity best practices. The Iraqi government can also enact new cyber security laws and comply with the national and international norms. The study implies that predictive analytics models can best suit the needs of Iraq. It has been note significantly that each PA model is strong enough to optimize itself according to the required needs.
Fear of crime research tends to focus disproportionately on physical or place-based crimes while cybercrimes, which have been increasing over the past two decades, are relatively excluded. Drawing on Beck's theory of a risk society, this paper examines the impact of previous victimization experiences on fear of future encounters with cybercrime. A total 01 462 students at the University of Saskatchewan participated in an online survey that collected demographic information and asked if they had ever felt fearful about being the victim of credit/debit card fraud. Binary logistic regression was used to predict fear of cybercrime victimization. Prior experience of victimization was positively associated with students' fear of becoming victims of credit/debit card fraud Socio-demographic factors and knowledge of cybercrime were not significant predictors of students' fear of becoming victims of credit/debit card fraud. This study highlights the need to reconsider risks and examine reflexivity further as it relates to how people modify their behaviors when faced with the threat of cybercriminal victimization. This study also highlights the need for fear of crime research, and vicurnology in general, to consider the unique differences between the different crime forms conventional and cyber-based crimes.
In this paper, we estimate the impact of enforcing the Convention on Cybercrime (COC) on deterring distributed denial of service (DDOS) attacks. Our data set comprises a sample of real, random spoof-source DDOS attacks recorded in 106 countries in 177 days in the period 2004-2008. We find that enforcing the COC decreases DDOS attacks by at least 11.8 percent, but a similar deterrence effect does not exist if the enforcing countries make a reservation on international cooperation. We also find evidence of network and displacement effects in COC enforcement. Our findings imply attackers in cyberspace are rational, motivated by economic incentives, and strategic in choosing attack targets. We draw related implications.
In the context of increasing interest in the relationship between digital communications and authoritarian politics, this paper considers the criminalisation of online dissent in Tanzania. Based on interviews with police officers, local government officials and mobile phone users, the paper explores contested framings and understandings of cybercrime. It argues that contemporary repression of online freedoms can be understood within longer histories of social and political ordering, whereby understandings and experiences of security and development, and the relationships they imply between government and citizens, are implicated in the delegitimisation of dissent. However, it also finds that social media use enables and amplifies articulation of opposition to repressive measures and may destabilise the politics of security and development that inform the policing of online spaces and politics more broadly. The paper thus contributes, firstly, to understanding the ambiguous and contingent relationships between information and communications technologies and politics in particular places. Secondly, by analysing debates about internet freedom it offers insights into broader negotiations over politics, security and development, which are in turn rendered more urgent by the disruptive impact of new modes of communication.
Cybercrime firms (CCFs) have significant global outreach. Combining insights from theories on white-collar crime (WCC), international relations (IR)/international political economy (IPE) perspectives, export market selection process, and market failures, we analyze CCFs' operations and internationalization. We present research findings from multiple case studies of CCFs to interrogate the above theories and to refine, extend and further develop their arguments. Extending WCC theory, resource constraints in countries with weak rule of laws result law enforcement apparatus' inability to cope. The IR/IPE provides additional insights by explicating mechanisms by which an economy's international integration can drive investments law enforcement resources. It explains the stages associated with CCFs' export market selection processes. Finally, we view that CCFs make excess/supranormal profits, for which market failure is necessary.
The COVID-19 pandemic has radically altered life, killing hundreds of thousands of people and leading many countries to issue stay-at-home orders to contain the virus's spread. Based on insights from routine activity theory (Cohen & Felson 1979), it is likely that COVID-19 will influence victimization rates as people alter their routines and spend more time at home and less time in public. Yet, the pandemic may affect victimization differently depending on the type of crime as street crimes appear to be decreasing while domestic crimes may be increasing. We consider a third type of crime: cybercrime. Treating the pandemic as a natural experiment, we investigate how the pandemic has affected rates of cybervictimization. We compare pre-pandemic rates of victimization with post-pandemic rates of victimization using datasets designed to track cybercrime. After considering how the pandemic may alter routines and affect cybervictimization, we find that the pandemic has not radically altered cyberroutines nor changed cybervictimization rates. However, a model using routine activity theory to predict cybervictimization offers clear support for the theory's efficacy both before and after the pandemic. We conclude by considering plausible explanations for our findings.
Purpose The evolution of digital technology has changed the way in which we, as a global society, socialise and conduct business. This growth has led to an increasing reliance on technology, much more interconnectedness and in turn, an expansion of criminal opportunities, known now as cybercrime. This study aims to explore the experience of victimisation, perceptions of cybercrime and use of online crime prevention strategies. Design/methodology/approach The study involved a survey of a representative sample of the adult Australian population. The study sample was made up of 595 Australian adult participants. The study seeks to better understand how previous victimisation, perception of cybercrime prevalence and perception of harm caused by cybercrime are related to the use of online crime prevention strategies. It seeks to contribute to a body of work that has found that crime prevention education focused on increasing knowledge is limited in its effectiveness in reducing victimisation. Findings This study identifies key levers, in particular perceived prevalence and harm of cybercrime, as critical in the use of online crime prevention strategies by potential victims. Originality/value The research takes a different perspective from much of the previous research, seeking to better understand how attitudinal factors (perceived prevalence of cybercrime and perceived harm of cybercrime) might motivate or influence the use of online crime prevention strategies by potential victims.
The advent of cloud computing has led to a dispersal of user data across international borders. More than ever before, law enforcement investigations into cybercrime and online criminal activity require cooperation between agencies from multiple countries. This paper examines recent changes to the law in Australia in relation to the power of law enforcement agencies to effectively investigate cybercrime insofar as individuals and organisations make use of cloud infrastructure in connection with criminal activity. It concludes that effective law enforcement operations in this area require harmonious laws across jurisdictions and streamlines procedures for granting assistance between law enforcement agencies. In conjunction with these mechanical developments, this paper posits that law enforcement officers require a systematised understanding of cloud infrastructure and its operation in order to effectively make use of their powers. (C) 2013 Christopher Hooper, Ben Martini & Kim-Kwang Raymond Choo. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Purpose - The purpose of this study is to develop the theorisation of cybercrime in the context of the pandemic, and to sketch out a vision of how law enforcement might respond to a transformed landscape of online crime and offending. Design/methodology/approach - This conceptual paper draws on empirical evidence from a range of sources (including official statistics) and the existing research literature, and revisits routine activities theory to illuminate the way that cybercrime patterns are being transformed by the pandemic. Findings - The pandemic is reshaping the routine activities of societies en masse, leading to changes in the ecology of risk and opportunity for cybercrime. There is evidence of a large increase in the prevalence of cybercrime as a result, yet much of this has a paradoxically local character. Practical implications - The authors identify specific practical implications for law enforcement, namely, that the role of local police in policing cybercrime should be re-envisioned, with a democratic, community-oriented approach at its heart. Originality/value - The theoretical perspective outlined is a novel and critical development of a well-established framework, opening up new paths to the theorisation of cybercrime and cybercrime policing. The authors' suggestions for practitioners have the potential for direct impact, both at the level of practice and in terms of broader imaginaries and organisation of police and policing.
Many cybercriminal entrepreneurs lack the skills and techniques to provision certain parts of their business model, leading them to outsource these parts to specialized criminal vendors. Online anonymous markets, from Silk Road to AlphaBay, have been used to search for these products and contract with their criminal vendors. While one listing of a product generates high sales numbers, another identical listing fails to sell. In this paper, we investigate which factors determine the performance of cybercrime products. To answer this question, we analyze scraped data on the business-to-business cybercrime segments of AlphaBay (2015-2017), consisting of 7,543 listings from 1,339 vendors, sold at least 126,934 times. We construct new variables to capture product differentiators and price. We capture the influence of vendor characteristics by identifying five distinct vendor profiles based on latent profile analysis of six properties. We leverage these product and vendor characteristics to empirically predict the performance of cybercrime products, whilst controlling for the lifespan and type of solution. Consistent with earlier insights into carding forums, we identify prevalent product differentiators to be influencing the relative success of a product. While all these product differentiators do correlate significantly with product performance, their explanatory power is lower than that of vendor profiles. When outsourcing, the vendor seems to be of more importance to the buyers than product differentiators.
The large scale Internet penetration in processes and activities, from manufacturing to end users, has reinforced the time-invariant pillars of cybercrime, namely social engineering, and software vulnerability, e.g., respectively, ransomware and bugs in banking software. Both these pillars spin off two dichotomous results: the goal is an economic profit for the author or confidential information steal/damage of the target of the attack (e.g. to critical infrastructures). Moreover, enabling technologies for anonymity facilitate the progressive shift of criminal markets on the Internet, as TOR marketplaces and cryptocurrencies show, raising the costs of successful investigation. These phenomena can be carried out by isolated criminals, by serious organized criminals or, mostly, from organized crime benefitting from the Crime as a Service (CaaS) model. Hence only apparently cybercrimes , e.g. digital frauds, are not connected to serious criminal organizations, in particular, terrorism, using these activities to fund the core mission. Cybercrime attractiveness, in terms of expected revenues per action, drives the choice of the organized crime, impacting on its willingness to pay in the CaaS model. This paper, firstly, will explore the economic value of cybercrime, overviewing the revenues from different online crimes in the past, highlighting the most attractive, then will overview the potential targets of terrorism enabled by the adoption of new technologies.
Data driven government has become significant in the quest for quality service delivery in the public sector. Countries all over the world are now using Information Communication Technologies (ICTs) to enhance the quality of their governance. ICTs have been found to improve efficiency and effectiveness of public administration and enhance citizens access to government services, hence, improvement of the quality of governance. The increasing development of ICTs however, presents new and emerging threats for government to contend with. The issue of cybercrime has become a critical factor in digital government practice in recent times. The internet which provides free access to information has also led to the abuse of technology in perpetrating crimes capable of undermining a nations security. This study examines the implications of cybercrimes on the implementation digital government in Nigerias public sector. The paper makes use of qualitative secondary data gathered from publications of peer reviewed journals and international bodies, books, internet materials to interrogate the implication of cybercrimes in Nigerias quest for digital government adoption. Data gathered were analysed through a systematic literature review with the Routine Activity theory serving as the theoretical framework. Findings of the study reveal the great threat that the increasing spate of cybercrimes pose for digital government implementation in the Nigeria public sector. The paper argues for a data driven government in Nigeria and the political will for its implementation and as well, a vigorous public awareness campaign and decisive application of cyber laws in the country.
Cyber offenders spread their influence as fast as the Internet and cloud computing develop. Cloud computing enhances challenges in collecting and analyzing digital evidence in a cybercrime investigation. Research on cloud storage forensics is scarce to obtain evidence or analyze metadata. This study proposes a time-based investigation in a complex cloud environment. Establishing timeline information using date-time stamps could help when the law enforcement agents investigate cloud-related crime. Some experiments are observed from three users (creator, coauthor and browser), four computers and five file operation processes (file created, file accessed, file modified, file shared, and file downloaded). This study presents a novel cybercrime investigation countermeasure using a created-accessed-modified (CAM) model to improve the effectiveness of forensic analysis. This may have implications when examiners analyze hard disks or when a user has synchronized files from a cloud account prior to computer seizure. The countermeasure methodology is potentially useful for evidentiary datasets and investigations.
"This article examines the challenges of functional adaptation faced by the police in response to technologically driven changes in the nature of crime. It also recounts how research under the auspices of a 'dark web' research project resulted in a search for an effective approach to engaging with investigators dealing with cybercrime. In doing so it tested, as a research methodology, a standard change implementation tool (problem tree analysis) from the Disaster Management and Sustainable Development (DMSD) discipline. This in turn resulted in significant consideration being given to the physical space in which that methodology is used. It presents the results of a workshop held with cybercrime investigators (not all were police officers) in terms of the importance of four key organisational and cultural issues (management, leadership and institutional ethos within the police; the risks of over-complication and exaggerated distinctions between cyber and real world policing; ethics; and knowledge, training and development) alongside the development and acquisition of new technical capabilities."
Cyber forensics is challenging due to the lack of defined holistic features with a ground truth identity core, and scalable systematic methods to credibly link a person's physical and cyber attributes in a complex networked environment. Cybercrime continues to grow as humans conduct more online activities that generate sensitive data while connected to anyone around the world. In this work, we propose a new classification-based ontology and computational framework for resolving an identity based on cyber activities. Our ontology and framework extend legal case situational theory research to temporally map cyber and physical categorical traits. Initial experimentation based on real-world legal cases reveals contextual salient traits that are most effective in linking evidence to a person's profile or unique identity. As a result, these multi-dimensional traits support innovative visualizations that depict a person's linkable identity core, digital artifacts, security, and technology. The impact of our ontology and framework design is to support solving cybercrime by aiding in identity resolution.
Few studies have examined the victim-offender overlap in cybercrimes, especially using mutually exclusive groups: victims-only, offenders-only, victim-offenders, and those who are neither. The current study uses a sample of adults (N = 837) to evaluate the predictors of cybercrime victimization and offending generally, as well as the group-specific differences and similarities. Cybercrime victimization significantly predicted offending and offending predicted victimization. Level of self-control, time spent participating in routine online activities, and demographic characteristics were significant predictors for both victimization and offending. Results showed that 40.5% of participants were victims-only, 20% offenders-only, and 16.6% were victim-offenders. Multinomial regression suggests there are significant differences and similarities between these groups.
This article examines the extent to which data privacy considerations are embedded and balanced in the substantive law, procedural law, and international cooperation chapters of the Council of Europe's Convention on Cybercrime. In light of the drafting of an additional protocol to the Convention that is supposed to address, inter alia, data privacy aspects of cybercrime investigations, the article provides a critical analysis of the provisions of the Convention that have been criticised for failing to provide adequate privacy protection. The basic argument advanced in the article is that concerns over the Convention's potential for lowering privacy protection are largely misplaced. However, the article highlights the need for further prescriptory guidance on data privacy for law enforcement. (C) 2018 Luca Tosoni. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
"Frugal innovation is the process of reducing the complexity and cost of a good or service and the process to deliver benefit to the customers or users. This practice is especially beneficial to developing countries as they actively seek sustainable national development options. The development and implementation of legislations is placed under scrutiny in this study where the research introduces a process model for developing and implementing cybercrime legislations in society, particularly small developing states, that includes domain/society understanding; cybercrime understanding; process preparation; legislative development; evaluation; implementation; and post-implementation review. An analysis of the current environment shows that the development of cybercrime legislation is fractured and often results in a lacuna in the laws of the land as countries struggle to keep pace with the rapidly evolving face of cybercrimes. This issue is further exacerbated by insufficient considerations of the supportive legal and justice system processes to facilitate effective legislative development and management of cybercrime. This phenomenon has major implications for developing states already overburden by multiple resource constraints. The study utilizes the principles of design science research where the descriptive and observational evaluation approaches are applied to demonstrate the utility and relevance of the proposed solution. The study underlined that frugal innovation in the developing contexts can be realized with the adoption of this process to promote successful cybercrime legislative process through the creation of opportunities for improvements in the efficiency of the full cycle process and the effectiveness of the enacted legislation."
Cybercrime is the newest security threat in the world today, and is distinct from any other threat facing the world. This paper attempts to place cybercrime in relation to other security threats, as well as illustrate the unique characteristics of cybercrime. First, an investigation of the major elements of cybercrime will be conducted. After the parameters of cybercrime have been laid out, cybercrime will be analyzed as a security threat on both domestic and international levels. Finally, current security structures will be examined for their effectiveness in controlling the threat posed by cybercrime.
Routine Activity Theory (RAT) and the general theory of crime have been widely employed to understand cybercrime victimization. However, there is a need to integrate these theoretical frameworks to better understand victimization from a cross-national perspective. A web-based survey was conducted among participants aged 15 to 25 years from the U.S., Finland, Spain, and South Korea. Factors related to RAT were associated with increased victimization in all four countries although results varied between the countries. Low self-control was associated with victimization in the U.S., Finland, and Spain but not in South Korea. Using decomposition analysis, we discovered that the association between low self-control and victimization occurred both directly and indirectly through measures of RAT. Our study demonstrates the need to integrate theories to better understand the dynamics of victimization. Despite the usefulness of RAT, other theories should be taken into consideration when investigating cybercrime victimization.
We conduct a secondary analysis of data collected to survey EU citizens' experiences and concerns with cybercrime. We devise a series of logistic regressions that measure how exposure to cybercrime can inhibit online banking, shopping and other activities. We consider three forms of exposure: directly falling victim, expressing concern about security, and reading news reports. We find that directly experiencing cybercrime decreases the likelihood of shopping and banking online by 4-5 percentage points. We find that expressing concern about cybercrime has nearly twice as much negative impact on online behavior than directly experiencing cybercrime. People who have not heard anything about cybercrime in news reports or from colleagues are more likely to bank online than those who have heard such reports. We conclude by reviewing limitations of existing survey approaches and make recommendations for improving questions in future cybercrime surveys.
Cybercrime is becoming ever more serious. Findings from the 2002 Computer Crime and Security Survey show an upward trend that demonstrates a need for a timely review of existing approaches to fighting this new phenomenon in the information age. In this paper, we provide an overview of cybercrime and present an international perspective on fighting cybercrime. We review current status of fighting cybercrime in different countries, which rely on legal, organizational, and technological approaches, and recommend four directions for governments, lawmakers, intelligence and law enforcement agencies, and researchers to combat cybercrime.
Data Mining is the process of identifying new patterns, insights in data and knowledge discovery, and is at the intersection of multiple research areas, including Machine Learning, Statistics, Pattern Recognition, Databases, and Visualization. With the maturity of databases and constant improvements in computational speed, data mining algorithms that were too expensive to execute are now within reach. Data visualization is a general term that describes any effort to help people understand the significance of data by placing it in a visual context. Patterns that might go undetected in text-based data can be exposed and recognized easier with data visualization software. Exploring and analyzing the vast volumes of data becomes increasingly difficult. Information visualization and visual data mining can help to deal with the flood of information. There is a large number of information visualization techniques which have been developed over the last decade to support the exploration of large data sets. In this paper, we propose a classification of information visualization and visual data mining techniques. Fractals and graph theory are very popular in different areas. We present a new method for estimating fractal dimension for network and new Taxonomy of visualization of data mining process application in Cybercrime activity.
In this paper, media reporting of cybercrime victims (with a specific focus on organisations) was examined. For this purpose, data were collected from media outlets in the UK and UAE. A basic premise of this paper is that media has the ability to restrict readers to either `opposing' or `favouring' views about the subject of the news. Research findings demonstrated that victim organisations were mostly shaped within a negative media frame in a given time period. Comparative analysis between UK and UAE news media showed the usage of similar language in portraying victim organisations.
Cybercrime possesses the characteristics of objectivity, instrumentality and extensity at different stages. These three characteristics interact and influence with one another, becoming the core of cybersecurity. Internal and external network development environment contribute to the development of stage characteristics of national or regional cybercrimes. Due to the complex geopolitical structure, economic dependency and dfferences in technological development, the Asia-Pacific region is facing a dangerous and complex network security dilemma, consisting of three intertwined stages of crime network. In this context, as one of the most active regional organizations and the largest network countries in the Asia-Pacific region, ASEAN and China should work together to carry out closer cooperation in international law enforcement and criminal justice on the basis of the existing framework, to build a more comprehensive and systematic system of prevention and control of cybercrime, jointly promoting the long-term stability of the Asia-Pacific region cyberspace.
The games segment is growing steadily and is a major part of the entertainment industry. In particular, the Free2Play games, or games that primarily rely on mechanics like in-game purchases which are playable on mobile devices, play an important role. In the context of virtual items, online role-playing games and multiplayer online battle arenas, still account for a significant share of total sales. The loop is completed with esports, that is competitive digital gaming for real cash prizes. As such, esports can certainly be seen as one of the major trends, and consequently a part of the gaming industry that should be in focus, with regard to potential criminal behaviour. This article discusses cybercrime in relation to digital games and its various forms. The focus of the paper is the players' perspective on the issue of cyber-crime around the world of digital games. For this purpose, a focus group with players has been conducted to discuss various aspects that have been identified through desk-research.
Cybercrime has become a major issue in digitalized societies. Addressing the rising amount of cybercrime necessitates high-quality research, beginning with examining its prevalence and trends. Examining the prevalence and trends of cybercrime requires a methodological approach that tackles the typical data quality issues of (cyber)crime data, such as validity. A primary problem is that different types of data (e.g., administrative process-generated data and survey data) do not show the actual number of crimes committed, leading to a large darkfield (dark figures). In order to tackle the methodological issue of the darkfield and concomitant validity problems, this article builds on prior research on administrative data and survey data as well as on a general background regarding underreporting issues in crime research. For instance, discussing the role of social desirability and trust in surveys. It then draws on the previous methodological research on crime data, generally, and on cybercrime data, specifically, to suggest an integrated mixed-data approach in which different data types (such as administrative data and survey data) are analyzed comparatively in order to gain more information on crime prevalence and trends. Embedded in the previous research field, it proposes this procedure in form of the Data Combination Approach (DCA). This approach is described and discussed, including potentials and methods of analyses as well as challenges, particularly regarding the differences between data types. In doing so, this article provides a solid foundation for future high-quality research on crime (particularly cybercrime) prevalence and trends.
Taking into account the wide diffusion that data analytics has had in different application areas and considering the scarcity of specific datasets associated with cybercrime within open data strategies in Colombia, this article aims to characterize cybercrime in the department of Cundinamarca, through the use of exploratory analysis and machine learning techniques. The present research was developed through 4 methodological phases: data adequacy, exploratory data analysis, application of machine learning models and finally generation of value-added information. For the development of the proposed study, a dataset was formed from the dataset of 35,000 records published by the National Police in the open data portal of Colombia, which addresses high-impact crimes within the department of Cundinamarca and occurred during the first half of 2021. The cybercrime dataset has a total of 1513 records and includes attributes such as: day, quarter, municipality, area, victim, age and crime, so that at the exploratory analysis level, descriptive statistics methods were applied on the different attributes, while at the machine learning level, the association rules and clustering models were applied in order to determine respectively the relationship of the attributes with the type of crime, and the representative groups formed by relating the age with the type of crime and the municipality with the type of crime. The study developed allowed to demonstrate the usefulness and potential of data analytics techniques in the field of cybersecurity, in order to support decision making by the relevant authorities.
"Data protection is perhaps the most important area in which legal requirements determine whether and how research into cybercrime and cyberterrorism may take place. Data protection laws apply whenever personal data are processed for the purposes of research. There are legal risks of non-compliance with data protection regimes emanating from strict legal frameworks and from rules on data security and data transfer. Researchers are strongly recommended to explore the possibilities of anonymisation as well as all obligations relating to notification and consent, which affect the legitimacy of data processing. The presentation of findings, with implications for research carried out in the area of cybercrime and cyberterrorism, begins with exploring definitions of data protection and privacy. We introduce the most relevant aspects of data protection for cybercrime and cyberterrorism research before an overview of the applicable legal and regulatory frameworks is presented. The way in which data protection interacts with other fundamental rights, namely freedom of speech, academic freedom and security, is considered in order to highlight important issues which may affect researchers. Another key feature of data protection law is the difference between countries in the way it is applied; member states have a degree of autonomy in this respect which is summarised and an overview provided. General conclusions are drawn from all findings and implications of the research undertaken for this chapter and key recommendations for those involved in research are presented."
How do tweets reflect the long-standing disparities between the northern and southern regions of Nigeria? This study presents a qualitative analysis of Twitter users' responses (n = 101,518) to the tweets of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) regarding the production and prosecution of cybercrime. The article uses postcolonial perspectives to shed light on the legacies of British colonial efforts in Nigeria, such as the amalgamation of the northern and southern protectorates in 1914. The results revealed significant discrepancies between Nigeria's northern and southern regions regarding cybercriminal arrest, conviction, and sentencing. Specifically, the results showed that the EFCC's criminalization of Southerners differs substantially from that of Northerners. The contemporary manifestation of inequalities concerning the production and prosecution of cybercrime on Twitter reflects long-standing contestations (e.g., economic, political, cultural, geological) between the northern and southern parts of Nigerian society. Therefore, since the North-South divide in present-day Nigeria originated from British colonization, colonialism is the base that shaped the superstructure comprising political, religious, historical, geological (e.g., crude oil), and economic factors. In turn, the article spotlights that regional differences in educational attainment, originating from differing experiences of Christianization and colonization, interact with regional disparities in the production of cybercrime. More research is required to better understand how these contextual disparities in society interact with the production and prosecution of cybercrime, given that Nigerian cybercriminals defraud victims all over the world.
This research aims to determine the relationship between cybercrime and inheritance laws within the context of legislation inheritance in Iraq. The undertaken study has followed a qualitative research methodology based on the primary and secondary data utilized as evidence to highlight the necessity of legislative inheritance law in Iraq and the lack of cybersecurity in the country. In addition, it has also highlighted the significant role of digital innovations in effectively dealing with the cyberattacks in Iraq by influencing the fact that government needs to invest in technological innovations. The data has been collected by utilizing the legal normative approach to address the aims of the present study. The data thus collected by the researcher was analyzed by using content analysis. The research findings have ensured that no inheritance law has been executed in Iraq, and it is crucial to devise legislative frameworks based on the inheritance laws for alleviating cybercrimes in Iraq and ensuring cybersecurity. Despite this, this research has utilized qualitative research methodology, which could be pursued quantitatively in the future. Furthermore, this study has considerable contributions and implications in theory and practice for future researchers.
In recent decades, criminological theories have identified a set of vulnerabilities in potential victims that seek to explain their victimization. When it comes to explaining cybercrime victimization, however, the important role that addiction to the vulnerabilities associated with technological devices can play has tended to be overlooked. In this paper we empirically link smartphone addiction, social support, and cyberfraud victimization in a nationally representative sample of 716 smartphone users followed for three years. The results of discrete survival and growth mixture models suggest that the probability of cyberfraud victimization is lower among users with a decrease in smartphone addiction and an increase in social support over the three years. These results allow us to suggest new avenues in the study of cybercrime victimization, with special emphasis on the psychosocial consequences that the deregulated use of these technological devices may entail.
It is a popular belief that humans are the weakest link in cyber-security. However, there has been little research devoted to why people do (or do not) protect themselves and what explains their behaviors. Instead, more attention has been paid to victimization and prevalence of cybercrime. Therefore, we investigate and compare the motivations to protect oneself against scams, malware and cybercrime in general using an adjusted model of the protection motivation theory (PMT), which includes subjective norm, threat and coping awareness. To test this model, different structural equation models (SEM) were used and compared, with each focusing on a specific cybercrime. Our non-random (convenience) sample (n = 1181) is representative for age, residence and gender for the Belgian population. The results show the extended PMT model is a good predictive model to explain people's protection against cybercrime. The findings suggest significant differences when protecting oneself against 'technical' cybercrimes (malware), compared to more 'social' cybercrimes (scams). The differences are situated on the predictive role of coping, threat awareness and perceived vulnerability. Furthermore, we found subjective norm to be an important predictor in the intention toward protecting against all cybercrimes. Recommendations for further research and awareness campaigns are provided in the discussion.
The opposing commander's mind is an important target and successfully striking it can provide a decisive advantage - Liddell Hart Due to the importance of cyber space, proper assessment and response to cyberattacks should be trained via exposure to simulated cyberattacks. Accurate simulation of cybercrime and cyberterrorism can prepare decision-makers for their challenges and develop expertise in addressing cybersecurity issues that will arise in real-world cybercrime and cyberterrorism events. Simulation also has a role to play in identifying offensive and defensive cybercrime and cyberterrorism challenges as well as cyber defense advantages. The simulation issues to be addressed are the aspects of cybercrime and cyberterrorism that must be simulated in order to provide useful insights. We describe an approach to developing a simulation environment to support analysis of cybercrime and cyberterrorism challenges and advantages. Cybercrime and cyberterrorism are different in several aspects, which leads to different forms of cyberattack as well as different objectives for each type of cyberattack. We discuss the potential effects of cyberterrorism and cybercrime, their common properties and differences, and the motivations for each type of these two types of cyberattacks. We present an approach to cyber warfare simulation that can illuminate the challenges and advantages possessed by the cyberterrorist and the cybercriminal. We present a methodology for assessing the cyber defense's challenges and advantages against both cybercriminal activity as well as cyberterrorist activity. The first section of the chapter contains discussion of the importance of preparing for cybercriminal and cyberterrorist attacks and broadly outlines our simulation approach for identifying offensive and defensive strengths and weaknesses. Section Two presents a discussion of background research and real-world events that are relevant to our work. Section Three contains a discussion of the differences and similarities between cybercrime and cyberterrorism. Section Four contains a description of the methodology and approach for using simulation to assess cybercriminal and cyberterror strengths and weaknesses. Section Five describes the use of simulation to assess cyber defense strengths and shortfalls against cybercriminal and cyberterrorist activity. Section Six contains a summary and further work.
The author outlines some of the amendments to the new codes referring to cybercrime, drawing attention onto the particulars of such actions and the legal effects generated by these amendments in the given context.
While extant studies have probed the causes, actors and effects of cybercrimes in Nigeria, knowledge is scarce on the adaptable nature of cybercrimes during the COVID-19 pandemic. Using Fraud triangle theory and exploratory research design, I analyzed data emanating from the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), the Nigerian Police, the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) and the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN). Partial and total lockdown imposed by Federal and State governments in Nigeria to curtail the spread of COVID-19 delayed government palliative intervention, weakened social support systems and increased the vulnerability of Nigerians to COVID-419ners. The fraud scheming deployed included relief package fraud, food and data fraud, and COVID-19 cash support and loan fraud. These fraud schemes were designed to align with federal government's policy on COVID-19 palliative or intervention to defraud the unsuspecting public. Arising from the findings, the study recommends timely palliative support and unambiguous public enlightenment on beneficiaries to reduce victimization of vulnerable Nigerians. Anti-cybercrime agencies need to be proactive in preventing fraud occurrence, neutralizing fraudulent schemes and arresting cyber-offenders.
Purpose As a well-known social institution, crime prevention has traditionally been in the purview of public authorities. However, the ceaseless increase in the use of online resources and governments' responsibilisation approach to cybercrime prevention has created an ecosystem, which necessitates the empowerment of individuals. By introducing the concept of internal spheres of protection, the purpose of this paper is to show how traditionally public responsibilities require increased facilitation by individuals to adequately safeguard what they value. Design/methodology/approach This is a brief conceptual paper, which recasts the individual's role in cybercrime prevention through a critique of the routine activity theory (Cohen and Felson, 1979) and explains how responsibilisation (Garland, 1996) has created an unavoidable need to provide individuals with the knowledge and tools required to avoid online victimisation. Findings In the context of cybercrime, criminological theories that are limited in considering the individual both as the target of crime and the person likeliest to prevent it are quickly becoming outdated. Public authorities either cannot intervene or are moving away from intervening on citizens' behalf to effectively stymie the pressure from cybercriminals. Thus, there is a need of an approach that starts with individuals and their value-based motivations. Originality/value The concept of internal spheres of protection is a novel way of looking at cybercrime prevention. The internal spheres are based on individuals' values, and the value of security in particular, and take cyber-knowledge as a point of departure towards safeguarding such values, i.e. through risk-decreasing actions and the use of relevant tools.
Background: Criminalizing crimes in cyberspace, in addition to highlighting the strengths of the case, also puts gaps and weaknesses before the legislature to establish criminal titles. The aim of this study was to investigate the criminalization of crimes in cyberspace and the role of criminals in crimes in this environment. According to the obtained results, fornication or sexual mediation and pornography with its sub-categories, i.e. preparation, publication and trade of ugly images, and insulting, defamation and spreading lies according to Articles 242, 742 and 743 BC are considered crimes. By examining sociological theories, the possibility of committing cybercrime due to the nature and nature of cyberspace has been easier compared to the difficulty of committing traditional crimes. So that the offender does not need special measures, but by providing crime tools such as computers or mobile phones and having an Internet environment, crime will be possible. The role of the individual in such crimes was also found to be very important, so that in this regard, people with the changes that occur over time, in their living environment and living conditions, and by freeing themselves from conventional forms of social control, can be driven to delinquency. Conclusion: Since committing a crime, in addition to violating the official laws of the country, is an attack on social values and norms, by adopting integrated preventive measures based on situational, developmental and social control strategies, and in parallel with the implementation of adequate education and information, it is possible to deal with cyber behavioral aberrations.
Cybercrime is continuously growing in numbers and becoming more sophisticated. Currently, there are various monetisation and money laundering methods, creating a huge, underground economy worldwide. A clear indicator of these activities is online marketplaces which allow cybercriminals to trade their stolen assets and services. While traditionally, these marketplaces are available through the dark web, several of them have emerged in the surface web. In this work, we perform a longitudinal analysis of a surface web marketplace. The information was collected through targeted web scrapping that allowed us to identify hundreds of merchants' profiles for the most widely used surface web marketplaces. In this regard, we discuss the products traded in these markets, their prices, their availability, and the exchange currency. This analysis is performed in an automated way through a machine learning-based pipeline, allowing us to quickly and accurately extract the needed information. The outcomes of our analysis evince that illegal practices are leveraged in surface marketplaces and that there are no effective mechanisms towards their takedown at the time of writing.
The push for technological enhancement and Internet connectivity in all aspects of modern life is radically transforming our use of devices and equipment that was not designed with this functionality. In fact, technological enhancements are transforming the automotive industry by increasing the number of components within the vehicle that are controlled by computers and which provide information to remote systems by various communications methods. These changes create new opportunities for cybercrime, particularly acts of cyber-trespass by computer hackers. This study considers how these technical threats may be limited through the use of criminological theory, specifically a routine activities perspective. The role of various actors in the automotive supply chain, and their potential function to deter and mitigate threats are discussed. The implications of this study for theory and practice are discussed in depth.
"Cybercrime investigation can be argued as still in its infancy. The technical investigation practices and procedures of global law enforcement are also still evolving in response to the growing threat of the cybercriminal. This has led to considerable debate surrounding the adequacy of current technical investigation models, examination tools and the subsequent capability of law enforcement to tackle cybercrime. To bridge the gap between low-level technology recovery and digital forensic examination, and to overcome the many technical challenges now faced by law enforcement; this paper presents an extended cybercrime investigation model capable of guiding the investigative practices of the broader law enforcement community. The Stages of Cybercrime Investigations discussed throughout this paper, demonstrate the logical steps and primary considerations vital to investigating cyber related crime and criminality. The model is intended to provide both technical and non-technical investigative resources, covering mainstream law enforcement, partner agencies and specialist technical services, with a formal and common structure when investigating the complex technical nature of cybercrime. Finally, the model is further aimed at providing cybercrime investigators with a means to consolidate understanding, share knowledge and communicate the resulting outcomes as an investigation moves through each relevant stage. (C) 2011 Paul Hunton. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"The Cybercrime Prevention Act of the Philippines otherwise known as Republic Act 10175 has now been implemented. However, despite the government and private institutions' effort to increase awareness on the new law, many still fall victim to the different cybercrimes. Hence, awareness on R.A. 10175 should not be ignored to attain safety and security. This study focused on determining the users' perspectives on the legal consequences of some social networking malpractices and the reality of the Cybercrirne Prevention Act of the Philippines or R.A. 10175. Specifically, it identified the social networking sites used by individuals; it determined the perspectives of the users on the legal consequences of some social networking malpractices; it analyzed the legal consequences of some of the social networking malpractices in the context of R.A. 10175; and it determined the level of awareness of the social network users on the identified cybercrime offenses in R.A. 10175. The results of the study revealed that majority of the respondents do not exactly discern the legal consequences of the social networking malpractices. They believed that most of the malpractices identified do not have legal consequences which are contrary to R.A. 10175. This is certainly because they are barely aware of the cybercrirne offenses identified in R.A. 10175."
As the Internet evolves and continues to become a compelling part of our everyday lives, individuals, communities and nations alike are becoming increasingly exposed to the growing threat of the cybercriminal. The aim of this paper is to widen the discussion surrounding the many global issues and challenges of cybercrime investigation with specific reference to UK law enforcement. This paper first discusses the vast transnational landscape now associated with cybercrime and the rapid growth in cyber offences and other unacceptable Internet behaviours. The emerging characteristics of cybercrime are then presented as a Cybercrime Execution Stack. This logical model of cybercrime demonstrates an objective view and is aimed at identifying the common characteristics of cyber criminality that are likely to occur during the commission of an offence or other illicit behaviours. The concepts of a cybercrime investigation framework focussing on a UK law enforcement environment are introduced following the stages of Initiation, Modelling, Assessment, Impact and Risks, Planning, Tools, Action and Outcome. The benefits of such a framework are intended to provide a cybercrime investigator with a much richer understanding of the complex technical elements of networked technology and the Internet that must be considered when conducting a rigorous cybercrime investigation. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Spam emails are rapidly increasing on a daily base. An attacker could attract the email users to open spam and click on the embedded links that could takes him to malicious Web pages. We tried to inspect the awareness and the attitude of college students in three main Universities in Jordan. As total, 600 students from educational, science and IT colleges were surveyed. Although most of the students who participated in the study were offensive towards the spam email and cybercrimes, few participants do nothing against it. The students' major plays important role in increasing the awareness against the spam emails and cybercrimes. Moreover, we investigated three main factors as we thought it could attract the students to open and read the spam emails that could lead them to be a victim of cybercrimes. These factors are technological, social, economical and religious. The participation in this study was voluntary, only the students who have the willingness to participate in our study fill the survey. The result shows that some of the educational major participants are seldom use their email accounts, while others have some knowledge on spam emails and cybercrimes, yet they may get stimulated to follow certain emails. Those participants are more vulnerable to cybercrimes. Towards the end, we condensed a research direction and recommendations to rise up user's awareness and arm them well to the battle with spam emails and cybercrimes.
The current research aims to analyze the effects of cybercrime on business laws and its Implications for businesses and consumers. The purpose of conducting this study is to check the direct impact of cybercrimes on business laws and business laws on businesses and consumers. This research is conducted to focus on the several business laws prevailing in Indonesia and highlight the importance of business laws for any business. For data collection, the research has adopted secondary data collection. Reviewing previous literature from the past five years and relevant case studies is crucial for the given study. The collected data was then analyzed based on how other businesses implement the business laws and protect themselves and their consumers from cybercrimes. Lastly, this study has discussed several theoretical and practical implications and directions for future researchers.
This paper deals with the study of the problems of law enforcement system transformation in the context of a developed information society in order to increase the effectiveness of countering cybercrimes and improve the quality of their investigation. The results of the current state and trends in the development of cybercrime analysis are presented. The main attention is paid to the analysis of contemporary problems of countering threats to public security in the information sphere. The methodological basis of the study is a scenario approach based on advanced analysis and modeling of the development processes of the studied situations. The results of the scenario analysis of creating a single investigative agency feasibility, based on the developed multigraph model study are presented. Copyright (C) 2021 The Authors.
"Criminological research over the last couple of decades has improved our understanding of cybercrimes. However, this body of research is regarded as still theoretically thin and not fully developed; more knowledge on the actors involved, their characteristics, and modus operandi is needed. Some publications recently suggested that organised crime is or might be involved in cybercrimes, which would have important policing implications, but evidence-based research on this point is still scarce and inconclusive. This article seeks to further this path of inquiry by providing a systematic analysis of 40 cases from The Netherlands, Germany, UK, and USA where criminal networks were involved in financial cybercrimes affecting the banking sector. It also assesses whether and to what extent these criminal networks meet the definitions of organised crime and discusses the theoretical and policing implications of our findings."
Criminologists have recently explored online cybercrime-as-service markets where offenders offer hacking tools and services for a fee. So-called stresser or booter markets offering distributed reflective denial of service (DRDoS) attacks have been a recent target of international law enforcement action. Few have explored the ways in which these operations continued to function under increased enforcement and sanction. This study attempted to address this gap through a qualitative analysis of online advertisements from 44 booter and stresser operators. The findings revealed operators changed their preferred communications and payment platforms, as well as increased the attack methods available to customers. The implications of this analysis for our understanding of illicit online markets, and the decision-making processes of cybercriminals are discussed in detail.
Multiple works have leveraged the public Bitcoin ledger to estimate the revenue cybercriminals obtain from their victims. Estimations focusing on the same target often do not agree, due to the use of different methodologies, seed addresses, and time periods. These factors make it challenging to understand the impact of their methodological differences. Furthermore, they underestimate the revenue due to the (lack of) coverage on the target's payment addresses, but how large this impact remains unknown. In this work, we perform the first systematic analysis on the estimation of cybercrime bitcoin revenue. We implement a tool that can replicate the different estimation methodologies. Using our tool we can quantify, in a controlled setting, the impact of the different methodology steps. In contrast to what is widely believed, we show that the revenue is not always underestimated. There exist methodologies that can introduce huge overestimation. We collect 30,424 payment addresses and use them to compare the financial impact of 6 cybercrimes (ransomware, clippers, sextortion, Ponzi schemes, giveaway scams, exchange scams) and of 141 cybercriminal groups. We observe that the popular multi-input clustering fails to discover addresses for 40% of groups. We quantify, for the first time, the impact of the (lack of) coverage on the estimation. For this, we propose two techniques to achieve high coverage, possibly nearly complete, on the DeadBolt server ransomware. Our expanded coverage enables estimating DeadBolt's revenue at $2.47M, 39 times higher than the estimation using two popular Internet scan engines.
The coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic, among other things, has shown how the contemporary global community is inescapably wired to a virtual existentiality for continued human relations and correspondence. This human-digital relationship however spiked an unprecedented wave of global cybercrime during the pandemic's 2020 upsurge. Reflecting on its (trans)national/situational peculiarities, I argue that Nigerian COVID-19 cybercrime uniquely revealed a heightened feature of deviant urban-youth subculture interrogating the dominant systemic neglect of the youth in Nigeria and its link to European colonialism/contemporary Western neoliberalism. The paper proposes that redressing Nigerian cybercrime would require (among other things) concerted global efforts to reintegrate the urban-youth.
The rise of large-scale vulnerability scanners, which make the detection of vulnerabilities easy, has recently raised the attention to the security community. This leads to multiple research on the effectiveness of large-scale vulnerability notifications as a countermeasure and several studies have examined the different factors that could impact the effectiveness and how they could incite people to apply vulnerability fixing steps. And we contend that using a legal constraint could improve the vulnerability fixing rate. In this paper, we survey the Cybersecurity and Cybercrime Legislations of 156 countries looking for Articles that consider the liability of vulnerable resource owners. We discovered that only two countries required companies, regardless of the industry, to implement cybersecurity measures and conduct vulnerability assessments. This study aims to define a more effective large-scale vulnerability notifications system using Cybersecurity and Cybercrime Laws.
In this article we continue previous work in which a framework for preventing or limiting a privacy breach of a third party during the investigation of cybercrime. The investigations may be conducted internally (by the enterprise), or externally (by a third party, or a law enforcement agency) depending on the jurisdiction and context of the case. In many cases, an enterprise will conduct an internal investigation against some allegation of wrongdoing by an employee, or a client. In these cases maintaining the privacy promise made to other clients or customers is an ideal that the enterprise may wish to honour, especially if the image or brand of the enterprise may be impacted when the details of the process followed during the investigation becomes clear. The article reports on the results of the implementation of the privacy breach detection - it also includes lessons learned, and proposes further steps for refining the breach detection techniques and methods for future digital forensic investigation.
"A survey of literature shows that extant studies in Nigeria have not examined how lyrical constructions can enhance our understanding of the cultural context of cyber-criminality. Using Olu Maintains Yahooze, Kelly Handsomes Maga Don Pay and Abolore Adiguns Living Thing all of which glamorizes cybercrimes, the study analyses their representations and justification of cybercrimes in Nigeria. All songs provide justification for cybercriminality by constructing it as a as a way out of suffering; a game and work with huge material benefits rather than a crime. Taken together, cybercrime glamorization by popular musicians is dysfunctional to the eradication of cyber-criminality. It is suggested that anti-cybercrime agencies must partner the Nigerian music industry to deglamorise cybercrimes."
Objectives Examine the level of engagement of young users with money mule recruitment ads on Instagram. Methods Three ads reflecting key cybercrime involvement mechanisms and targeting Dutch user clusters were run on two Instagram placements. By means of this quasi-experimental 3 x 2 factorial design, we were able to analyze the reach and views of the ads, click-through rates, gender of the participants, and temporal distributions of user engagement. Results Mimicking actual recruitment environments, analysis shows that up to 3% of young users engaged with the ads, especially those promoting a luxury lifestyle and using neutralization techniques. Men were more likely to engage, and click-through rates were higher at night. Conclusions Some young Instagram users seem prone to making money through their bank cards and risk becoming involved in cybercrime online. We encourage future research to explore further the use of social media in criminological studies.
Ensuring the cyber security management is an ever-increasing challenge for the financial institutions and the national financial regulators. The main purpose of the research is to improve cyber security management through analyzing large data volumes of information which helps to identify potential cyber threats at an early stage. The factors of the rapid cybercrime growth via supervised learning models with associated learning (SVM) were identified and evaluated in the paper. The object of research is 21 EU countries. The paper presents the results of an empirical analysis, which showed that the cyber threats are caused by the growth of using online banking (0.49), improvement of internet user skills (0.42), expansion of activities online (0.41). The results of the research can be useful for financial institutions, national regulators and cybersecurity professionals.
Multiple studies and surveys focus on specific cybercrime characteristics or develop classification models that do not adequately address the complexity of this contemporary type of crime. This study proposes a comprehensive approach towards cybercrime interpretation and action recommendation through a proposed framework that provides three separate and complementary views to achieve a comprehensive perspective that leads to actionable recommendations. The framework's view I identifies the features of a cybercrime incident and their corresponding elements generating a textual schema-based description that can accommodate existing and new instances of cybercrime. The second view introduces an up-to-date cybercrime-related offence classification system through consolidation and elaboration of existing approaches and leads to a visual extension of schema-based incident description that depicts the interrelations of the various cybercrime elements towards a particular type of offence. View III identifies and interconnects the relevant stakeholders with preventive and response actions and measures. The proposed framework extends previous published work on the theoretical foundation of this multi-faceted domain, and demonstrates that the necessity of a comprehensive approach towards cybercrime can be actualized through different steps with each one designated towards a different perspective.
This paper develops a theory-based taxonomy for cybercrime. The need for a cybercrime taxonomy stems from the lack of a definition and standards to measure and manage cybercrime. We define cybercrime as an act that uses computer technology to commit a crime. The four building blocks of our taxonomy include mutual exclusivity, structure, exhaustiveness, and well-defined categories, which together provide the theoretical foundation. As a proof-of concept, we use exemplars and heuristics to validate our taxonomy. We identify our contributions for both theory and practice. We discuss implications of our taxonomy from the perspectives of management, reporting, disclosure, governance, regulation and the judiciary. (c) 2020 Published by Elsevier Inc.
A pilot effort to raise students' awareness on the human factors of cybersecurity and cybercrime is presented. One day, instead of lectures, a commercial film was projected. The students were able to identify most of the cyberattacks related to the technical background given in the course, while they missed some of the frauds committed by the actors, related to the psycho-social and legal dimensions, which were not covered in the syllabus. The students had the opportunity to acquire some insight about the latter while enjoying the movie. The whole experiment was evaluated positively. Thus, it became clear to the students that cybersecurity has also a psycho-social dimension which should not be underestimated
"Cybercrime is the use of IT in any suspicious criminal activities. Currently, our life becomes increasingly depending on modern information technology; however, it has become very necessary to improve the cybercrime investigation techniques especially in when processing very secret and sensitive information such as government and military intelligence, financial or personal private information. Cybercrime investigation attempts to detect unauthorized access to information in digital source with the intent to steal, modify or destroy that digital information. Such suspicious activities can cause financial damages or government information disseminates; moreover, it might destroy military high secret and confidential information. Therefore, this chapter focuses mainly on highlighting the main challenges of Middle East's and North Africa's countries in cybercrime investigation system by considering the recent developments in the continents Internet infrastructure and the need of information security laws in these particular countries. This chapter mainly focuses on Internet infrastructure development in these particular to show how they might become vulnerable to cybercrime attacks."
Cybercrime has received significant coverage in recent years, with the media, law enforcers, and governments all working to bring the issue to our attention. This paper begins by presenting an overview of the problem, considering the scope and scale of reported incidents. From this, a series of common attack types are considered (focusing upon website defacement, denial of service and malware), with specific emphasis upon the potential for these to be automated and mounted by novices. Leading on from this, the problem of policing cybercrime is considered, with attention to the need for suitable legislation, and appropriate resourcing of law enforcers. It is concluded that that cybercrime is an inevitable downside of the information society, and that organizations and individuals consequently have a stake in ensuring their own protection.
Cybercrime is big business with devastating consequences, from loss of intellectual property, customer details and finances to loss of brand values and hard-won customer loyalty.
The subject of content-based cybercrime has put on substantial coverage in recent past. It is the need of the time for web-based social media providers to have the capability to distinguish oppressive substance both precisely and proficiently to secure their clients. Support vector machine (SVM) is usually acknowledged as an efficient supervised learning model for various classification problems. Nevertheless, the success of an SVM model relies upon the ideal selection of its parameters as well as the structure of the data. Thus, this research work aims to concurrently optimize the parameters and feature selection with a target to build the quality of SVM. This paper proposes a novel hybrid model that is the integration of cuckoo search and SVM, for feature selection and parameter optimization for efficiently solving the problem of content-based cybercrime detection. The proposed model is tested on four different datasets obtained from Twitter, ASKfm and FormSpring to identify bully terms using Scikit-Learn library and LIBSVM of Python. The results of the proposed model demonstrate significant improvement in the performance of classification on all the datasets in comparison to recent existing models. The success rate of the SVM classifier with the excellent recall is 0.971 via tenfold cross-validation, which demonstrates the high efficiency and effectiveness of the proposed model.
Based on the actual data, cases of cyber ceimes and the author's experience of attending crime investigation, this article analyzes the characteristics and tendency of new cybercrimes, talks about the requirements of cybercrime prevention and control, and shows us the problems of cybercrime investigation for obtaining evidence. The investigation department should improve the ability to investigate and collect evidence from the material evidence to the electronic evidence. There're some problems that must be paid attention in the process of electronic evidence collection. The readers will get to know the techniques and methods of cybercrime scene protection, site investigation and online tracking in the investigation of cybercrime cases. The basic principles of extracting electronic evidence are expounded. The cybercrime investigation process is refined. The model of cybercrime investigation and evidence collection is constructed.
Cybercrime encompasses all illegal actions and facts that target cyberspaces and cause enormous economic and financial damages to organizations and individuals. A cyberspace is essentially composed of digital information as well as its store and communication instruments/platforms. To remedy this phenomenon, attention has focused particularly on both computer security and legislation in an area where the human behavior is also decisive. Social psychology has well defined the concept of behavior and also studied its relations with the attitude in human action. This paper aims to broaden the scope of cybercrime to also discuss marginal phenomena which do not attract enough attention but could easily be converted to digital criminals once circumstances become appropriate. The main objective of this work is the study of the 'human'-'digital world' interactivity in a specific geographical area or precisely the study of the human behavior towards digital crimes. The proposed study targets young people of a small Moroccan city that is in the south of the country central region and constitutes its global economy barycenter. The study dealt specifically with a sample of Moroccan young living in El Jadida city that coincidentally contains individuals from other Moroccan cities which enriched this study more.
With the wide spread of the Internet and the increasing popularity of social networks that provide prompt and ease of communication, several criminal and radical groups have adopted it as a medium of operation. Existing literature in the area of cybercrime intelligence focuses on several research questions and adopts multiple methods using techniques such as social network analysis to address them. In this paper, we study the broad state-of-the-art research in cybercrime intelligence in order to identify existing research gaps. Our core aim is designing and developing a multipurpose framework that is able to fill these gaps using a wide range of techniques. We present an outline of a framework designed to aid law enforcement in detecting, analysing and making sense out of cybercrime data.
This study examines the prevalence of different types of cybercrime victimisation and their shared risk factors among the population of Finland. We examine how respondents' socio-economic background variables, past offline victimisation experiences, online activity, user skills, and protective measures impact the risk of the most common forms of online victimisation and online polyvictimisation. Our nationally representative survey data were collected from 5455 Finns aged 15 to 74 years (response rate 39%) as part of the Finnish National Crime Survey in 2018. According to our findings, the five most common forms of victimisation were malware, harassment, sexual harassment, hacking, and fraud. Online routines and exposure to potential offenders, along with past offline victimisation experiences, served as notable risk factors for a range of different victimisation experiences online. Our findings show slightly different SES risk factors for victimisation of different online offences, thereby indicating the diverse nature of different types of online victimisation. Our findings also show that young age, better financial situation, high internet use, and user skills, along with past offline victimisation of property crime and violence, associate with increased risk of online polyvictimisation. High user protection decreased the risk of online polyvictimisation.
"This paper explores the legal challenges of combating cybercrime in Vietnam. We used a legal doctrine method to review the updated Vietnamese legal frameworks, consisting of substantive, procedural, and preventive cybercrime law. We then combined the analysis of four cybercrime cases and in-depth interviews of seven senior police officials to analyse the application of cybercrime law. The main findings reveal that by updating its legal system, Vietnam has shown a determination to prevent and disrupt cybercrime. Despite positive results, Vietnam's fight against cybercrime still faces legal challenges, including traditional and novel ones. Moreover, active and flexible approaches within Vietnam's cyberspace management can increase the effectiveness of combating cybercriminal activities; however, they can cause concerns in balancing cybercrime control and human rights protection. These approaches could then constitute a useful case study for other similar situations."
Cybercrime is wreaking havoc on the global economy, national security, social stability, and individual interests. The current efforts to mitigate cybercrime threats are primarily focused on technical measures. This study considers cybercrime as a social phenomenon and constructs a theoretical framework that integrates the social, economic, political, technological, and cybersecurity factors that influence cybercrime. The FireHOL IP blocklist, a novel cybersecurity data set, is used to map worldwide subnational cybercrimes. Generalised linear models (GLMs) are used to identify the primary factors influencing cybercrime, whereas structural equation modelling (SEM) is used to estimate the direct and indirect effects of various factors on cybercrime. The GLM results suggest that the inclusion of a broad set of socioeconomic factors can significantly improve the model's explanatory power, and cybercrime is closely associated with socioeconomic development, while their effects on cybercrime differ by income level. Additionally, results from SEM further reveals the causal relationships between cybercrime and numerous contextual factors, demonstrating that technological factors serve as a mediator between socioeconomic conditions and cybercrime.
This article highlights the challenges for the global community when harmonizing substantive cybercrime legislation. At the example of EU-Directive 2013/40/EU and the Council of Europe's Convention on Cybercrime the benefits of a model law over a binding international treaty are pointed out. Protecting critical infrastructures is recognized as most crucial and their vulnerability of digital attacks with trans-boundary effects is identified. Eventually the EU-Directive is proposed as a potential model law for international harmonization regarding core cybercrimes.
Nowadays, use of machine learning is increasing rapidly in every field and plays a key role in sentiment classification. In this project, two-training datasets are used, one is an online training dataset which is available online and another contains pure cybercrime data extracted from Facebook and Twitter using Facepager software tool. The aim is to extract the cybercrime data and according to supervised machine learning, separate the data in two labelled class (i.e. positive and negative) and pre-processing it to get a clean training dataset. The goal is to use cybercrime data to achieve classifier accuracy percent and text classification with confidence value that will be achieved by using NLTK and Scikit-learn. The results achieved using both datasets show that using cybercrime datasets gives better classifier accuracy percent.
The legal domain has challenging aspects. One is that legislation is written to regulate an unpredictable number of cases and, therefore, the language of the law is made of open texture and ambiguous terms. Another peculiarity is that each country has its own legislation, often using the common legal expressions but with different meanings. This results in difficulty in understanding supranational cases and in the interoperability of knowledge bases as well. For example, cybercrimes, in particular, image-based sexual abuses (also known as revenge porn or non-consensual pornography) are on the rise globally. Several countries are responding to this social issue by adopting dedicated regulations. However, these regulations are still fragmented, do not share a common conceptualization. In this work, we face these challenges by proposing the application of an ontology-based conceptual modeling to represent a set of concepts and legal relations in cybercrime law. To evaluate the model built, we analyzed the subdomain of cybercrimes, in particular, cases of non-consensual pornography on digital platforms. The result is a conceptualization capable of being shared with other models, increasing the interoperability and clarity of the meaning of common terms and relations found in the various laws studied.
Cybercrime and cyberterrorism research faces a number of challenges, such as the rate of change in technology, field complexity and interdisciplinarity. This chapter aims at identifying the major technical challenges that require solutions to be developed for the successful prevention and fight against such contemporary problems. The following solutions have been elicited as a leading contribution towards the design of a cybersecurity research agenda. The identified and selected solutions include technologies and techniques for computer fraud prevention, investigation and detection methods and tools, and crime prevention methods that address human elements.
American laws addressing cybercrime are shaped by the general structure of law in a federal state with common law courts. As cybercrime encompasses both general preexisting crime that is extended onto the Internet, as well as crimes that are specific to a twenty-first century world of networked computers, legal responses include the application of laws of general applicability as well as specific enactments aimed at crime on the Internet. To date, American efforts at dealing with Internet crime continue to be dominated by reactive legislation and responsive recasting of existing criminal law actions to deal with crimes such as unauthorized access, fraud, obscenity, child pornography, and copyright infringement. Accession to the Convention on Cybercrime has seen the enactment of provisions aimed at meeting commitments thereunder. However, a systematic approach to cybercrime is still at a nascent stage.
"This article explores the impact of online crime victimisation. A literature review and 41 interviews - 19 with victims and 22 with experts - were carried out to gain insight into this. The interviews show that most impacts of online offences correspond to the impacts of traditional offline offences. There are also differences with offline crime victimisation. Several forms of impact seem to be specific to victims of online crime: the substantial scale and visibility of victimhood, victimisation that does not stop in time, the interwovenness of online and offline, and victim blaming. Victims suffer from double, triple or even quadruple hits; it is the accumulation of different types of impact, enforced by the limitlessness in time and space, which makes online crime victimisation so extremely invasive. Furthermore, the characteristics of online crime victimisation greatly complicate the fight against and prevention of online crime. Finally, the high prevalence of cybercrime victimisation combined with the severe impact of these crimes seems contradictory with public opinion - and associated moral judgments - on victims. Further research into the dominant public discourse on victimisation and how this affects the functioning of the police and victim support would be valuable."
"This paper explores the increasing number of cybercrime cases in Taiwan and examines the demographic characteristics of the criminals responsible for the criminal activity. The report is based upon data taken from the Criminal Investigation Bureau of Taiwan cybercrime database over the interval of 1999 through 2004. The paper defines cybercrime, addresses cybercrime case statistics and examines profiles of the suspects' characteristics. The findings show that the top five categories of crime committed over the past six years are sex trading or sex trading on the Internet, Internet fraud, larceny, cyber piracy and cyber pornography. As for the suspects' characteristics, the findings show that 81.1% were male; 45.5% had some senior high school education exposure; 63.1% acted independently; 23.7% were currently enrolled students; and 29.1% were in the 18-23 age bracket which was the majority group. Finally, this paper proposes four recommendations to governments, society, schools, and researchers to reduce cycbercrime."
Despite spectacular stories of successful cyber operations by law enforcement agencies, we continue to be extremely inefficient in fighting cybercrime. The research community has contributed many abstract models to guide digital forensic analyses, but these are usually too abstract to be helpful in concrete cybercrime investigations since they do not give an immediate and straightforward translation of a confronted (digital) crime scene into viable yet promising criminalistic actions. We propose a method to systematically bridge the gap between high-level process models and the demands of actual in-vestigations. The idea is to encode phenomenon-specific knowledge of cybercrime into node-link rep-resentations, thereby literally mapping the digital crime scene in well-founded visual representations e so-called cognitive maps. These can be used to derive a prioritized plan of action for targeted acquisition and analysis of case-relevant artifacts. To illustrate our approach, we present a cognitive map for the category of botnet crime and evaluate it with the help of domain experts and by applying it to two real -world cases.(c) 2022 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd on behalf of DFRWS This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
Cybercrime remains a focal point in global and regional discussions concerning contemporary issues in West Africa. In line with this discourse, this article delves into the intricate web of viewpoints that envelop the issue of cybercrime in Ghana, with emphasis on Ghana social media users' opinion. Our study focuses on analyzing comments related to cybercrime that have been shared by Ghanaian Facebook users. Through thematic analysis, we dissect the primary narratives that revolve around cybercrime in these discussions. What we discovered in our study goes beyond the traditional portrayal of cybercrime as mere unlawful activity. Instead, we have shown a paradoxical sentiment held by Ghanaians who use Facebook. Cybercrime is evolving into a method for marginalized sections of society to push back against Western dominance, internal political hegemonic, and secure financial stabilities. This trend often unfolds within the broader context of challenging governmentalities. Our research challenges the typical focus on cybercrime as primarily a criminal matter. It prompts a reevaluation, urging us to explore cybercrime within the framework of various socioeconomic and political environments. As a result, our study contributes to a more comprehensive understanding of individuals attitude toward cybercrime in Ghana, reshaping the way we approach and discuss it.
Over the past few years, we have seen cybercrime rising to become a trillion-dollar business world-wide. Although the cost of cybercrime was close to $5.5 trillion in 2020 [1], it is now estimated to double by 2025 [2]. To put this number in perspective, a cost of $10.5 trillion a year is $28 billion per day, or $20 million a minute, or close to $330,000 a second. At such staggering rates, it is imperative to understand the drivers of cybercrime and how they can be mitigated.
This article provides a critical analysis of the Council of Europe Cybercrime Convention Committee's Guidance Note of Production Orders, published on 1 March 2017. The article looks at the legal controversies surrounding production orders with a cross-border element. It explains the Guidance Note's background and origins, the basic provisions in the Cybercrime Convention allowing the law enforcement authorities to order and obtain certain information and discusses the requirements that follow from the relevant provisions of the Convention. This analysis is complemented by four critical remarks on the way the Guidance Note pushes the boundaries of acceptable treaty interpretation on the necessity of the Guidance Note, its position in regard to extraterritorial enforcement jurisdiction and sovereignty, its reticence towards fundamental rights and its refusal to define or clarify the important notion of subscriber information. The article argues that unilateralism is not a solution. Instead of soft law plumbing, what is needed is an agreement between sovereign states checked by their constituencies. (C) 2018 Paul de Hert, Cihan Parlar & Juraj Sajfert. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cybercrime issues across many economies are increasing at a faster rate. The rapid diffusion and penetration of the internet, as well as the processes of digitization of economic activities, have been the major catalysts. These cybercrime activities continue to pose a serious threat to e-commerce technologies and influence consumers' intention to conduct transactions using such a medium. Considering the upsurge of cyber-crime activities and the paucity of research in this domain, particularly in developing countries, this paper investigated how cyber-crime and trust affect users' intention to conduct business via e-commerce technologies. Using a survey approach, an online questionnaire was distributed and data from 476 participants was rigorously analyzed using Partial Least Square Structural Equation Modelling. The results indicate that trust in internet media, attitude towards behavior, subjective norm, perceived behavioral control and cyber-crime perceptions are significant predictors of intention to purchase using e-commerce technologies. The findings elucidate businesses and stakeholders on the impacts of trust and cybercrime perceptions on users' purchase intentions. It further brings to the fore the need to incorporate security features that reduce the vulnerability of e-commerce platforms.
An analysis of the links between human trafficking, smuggling of migrants and cybercrime, we suggest, exposes the overlap between legal principle and technological methodology This paper focuses on the role of emerging technological trends can have in the paradigm that may involve the protection of those who commit crime. We suggest that these issues should be considered at the development stage of technology and the proposal stage of an investigation, particularly where data is both harnessed and collected to tackle organised crime. The tension that trafficking and smuggling creates in the context of cybercrime is a challenge to rules-based order and rights-based policy because it requires a focus on protection rather than prosecution of those hitherto considered to be perpetrators. This in turn requires a greater interaction between the disciplines of law and technology.
With the widespread use of radio-frequency identification (RFID) technology as a means for commerce and identification, new types of cybercrime have emerged. Accordingly, revisions to extant cybercrime law are required. This research attempts to determine the relevance of current UAE laws in addressing new cybercrimes on emergent technologies. We reviewed the literature to identify threats to RFID systems, classifying works into three categories: blocking, interception, and physical attacks. We mapped these categories to 50 articles of the UAE cybercrime law to assess their relevance. According to the distribution of law articles pertaining to RFID attacks, it was found that RFID communication interception attacks are not sufficiently addressed in the law and that further amendments are required in the UAE. Example of international statutes are highlighted as models.
"While cybercrime is recognized as an increasing problem in society, it is unclear how users perceive cybercrime and online risks. This qualitative study explored how undergraduate students in England, a group who are at relatively high risk of victimization, viewed language and concepts associated with cybercrime. Three focus groups were conducted with a total of 16 18- to 21-year-old undergraduate students, and data were analyzed inductively and thematically. The themes explored in this article include: the physical world versus the virtual world; confusion regarding the law (including a perceived lack of police interest in responding to cybercrime); the normalization of risky or harmful online behaviour; and victimization. The themes also point towards a variety of misconceptions about cybercrime alongside an ambivalence towards the potential risk of becoming a victim. The data provide a potential step towards tailoring education packages and awareness programmes to ensure at-risk groups are equipped with actionable mechanisms to protect themselves. Further research is suggested in terms of exploring how such perceptions can be changed through effective training and awareness programmes, potentially reducing the level of risk in this group."
"Despite the rapid escalation of cyber threats, there has still been little research into the foundations of the subject or methodologies that could serve to guide information systems researchers and practitioners who deal with cybersecurity. In addition, little is known about crime-as-a-service (CaaS), a criminal business model that underpins the cybercrime underground. This research gap and the practical cybercrime problems we face have motivated us to investigate the cybercrime underground economy by taking a data analytics approach from a design science perspective. To achieve this goal, we: (1) propose a data analysis framework for analyzing the cybercrime underground; (2) propose CaaS and crimeware definitions; (3) propose an associated classification model, and (4) develop an example application to demonstrate how the proposed framework and classification model could be implemented in practice. We then use this application to investigate the cybercrime underground economy by analyzing a large data set obtained from the online hacking community. By taking a design science research approach, this paper contributes to the design artifacts, foundations, and methodologies in this area. Moreover, it provides useful practical insights to practitioners by suggesting guidelines as to how governments and organizations in all industries can prepare for attacks by the cybercrime underground."
Individual internet users are commonly considered the weakest links in the cybersecurity chain. One reason for this is that they tend to be overoptimistic regarding their own online safety. To gain a better understanding of the cognitive processes involved in this assessment, the current study applies an extended version of the protection motivation theory. More specifically, this study includes perceived knowledge and internet trust to discover how these antecedents influence the threat and coping appraisal processes. Based on representative survey data collected from 967 respondents, we found that people who feel well-informed about online safety feel less vulnerable to cybercrime and are less inclined to take security measures. At the same time, feeling informed is associated with being more convinced of the severity of cybercrime. High levels of trust in the safety of the internet are linked to the feeling that one is less vulnerable to cybercrime and the perception that cybercrime is not a severe threat. Future interventions should remind internet users about their own perceived vulnerability and the risks that exist online while ensuring that internet users do not lose their trust in the internet and confidence in their own online knowledge.
Consumer intention and satisfaction are necessary for online businesses in this decade. The fear of crime and perceived risk has emerged as a challenge for consumers. The less focus on consumer intention has become a challenge for Indonesian e-businesses that challenge business stainability. The purpose of this study is to investigate the direct impact of cybercrime and moderating impact of CSR and business law on consumer intention in Indonesian e-businesses. This study is based on the quantitative data collected with a five-point Likert scale questionnaire and a sample size is 560 with a simple random sampling technique. A partial least square (PLS) measurement model and structural model are employed for data analysis of this study. The findings concluded that the direct impact of cybercrime (perceived risk & fear of crime) and moderating impact of corporate social responsibility (CSR) and business law is significant on the purchase intention of consumers. The unique framework is a significant contribution of this research in literature. This research has extraordinary practical contributions critical for increasing the customer's intention to purchase. The study demonstrates that the Indonesian government should develop a strategic policy for the modern laws of e-businesses because many consumers are purchasing from e -businesses. The research has significant future directions that are critically important for scholars to explore the further dark areas in the literature.
This paper(1) examines the consumer protection regime under the Nigerian Cybercrimes Act with a view to assessing the extent to which it protects consumers from cybercrime in the banking and financial sector. It finds that the regime is not adequate as it does not place sufficient obligations on banks and financial institutions to safeguard the personal information of their customers from unauthorized access. Additionally, the findings suggest the absence of an explicit regime for determining liability for unauthorized payment transactions in situations where a consumer's electronic banking or payment information is compromised. The article also highlights examples of legal regimes in Europe and the United States that could be adopted in order to strengthen the consumer protection regime under the Act. Finally, some challenges impeding the protection of consumers from cybercrime in the Nigerian banking and financial sector are pointed out along with proposed responses to address them.
With the increasing prevalence of cybercrime victimization there is a growing need for prevention. Previous studies have attempted to uncover risk factors associated with cybercrime victimization in the areas of personal characteristics and online routine activities. This article aims to take the field a step further by including actual self-protective online behavior, obtained through a population-based survey experiment (N = 1886), as a risk factor for cybercrime victimization. In wave 1 of our longitudinal design, personal characteristics, online routine activities, and actual self-protective online behavior concerning password strength, clicking behavior, sharing personal information, and handling phishing emails were measured. In wave 2, cybercrime victimization of several types of cyber-enabled and cyber-dependent cybercrimes was measured one year later. Results indicate that few personal characteristics, online routine activities, and self-protective online behaviors are related to the odds of becoming a cybercrime victim. This furthermore illustrates the heterogeneity of cybercrime victimization, since most significant factors only seem to be related to the risk of one particular type of cybercrime. These results indicate that to explain cybercrime victimization, the research field needs to shift its focus and adapt to new online developments.
Cybercrime presents numerous issues for police organizations. A key challenge is to understand how best to impart relevant skills and knowledge about cybercrime throughout the organization to enable police officers to react appropriately to such incidents. This article is drawn from research undertaken as part of the CARI Project, a major study into the effectiveness of cybercrime investigation within a large UK police force funded by the Police Knowledge Fund. As part of the needs assessment for the above project, concerns were raised about the effectiveness of existing training arrangements in facilitating the development of cyber skills within police officers. The present research, based on survey data, explored the effectiveness of different training styles as perceived by those who had undertaken cyber training. The research found that officers perceived some modes of training as more effective than others and highlighted some of the organizational contexts that impact negatively on the delivery of effective cyber training. The findings are presented within a context, informed by existing literature, that acknowledges wider debates surrounding the pedagogy of police learning and the organizational challenges of developing cyber skills within police officers. The authors believe that the findings will have relevance to police training policy both in the UK and in the wider international context.
What are grand challenges of cybercrime and cyberterrorism policy and research for the coming one or two decades? To answer this question, we first need to grasp some major trends that influence the future of cybercrime and cyberterrorism, and the combatting thereof, in fundamental ways. This chapter therefore starts with sketching seven megatrends in technology and society: Internet as the infrastructure of everything, autonomic technologies, datafication, the onlife world, the transformation of crime, the fourth generation of cybercrime as attacks on the Internet of Things and People, and the gradual erosion of privacy. Against this background, seven grand challenges for keeping societies secure and inclusive against the threats of CC/CT are presented: underground marketplaces, hiding technologies, ubiquitous data, smart regulation, smart organisation, designing technology, and preserving the human rights framework in a volatile context.
The continued rapid growth of the Internet and the emergence of the Internet of Things (IoT) have resulted in the increased sophistication of malicious software or crime-ware tools and the refinement of deceptive methods to conduct computer attacks and intrusions. Cyber attacks via spam emails (unsolicited bulk messages) remain one of the major vectors for the dissemination of malware and many predicate forms of cybercrime. Monitoring spam as potential cybercrime can help prevention by observing changes in attack methods including the type of malicious code and the presence of criminal networks. In this paper, we describe the nature and trends in spam borne malware. This paper outlines some of the issues and problems in respect to the spam in cybercrime and gives examples of known cases and offers insight to tackle spam problems.
The way of live in the modern society has changed radically over the past few decades. In particular, thanks to the strong use of information technology, many activities have moved from the real world to the digital world. This has obviously introduced advantages in terms of data management and communication efficiency. Nevertheless, it has given also to the criminals the possibility to move into cybernetic space and, as a consequence, to exploit all the technological advantages available for carrying out their activities. In this context the paper provide an overview on the cybercrime and organized crime by focusing on the concept of crime as a service as well as the main issues related to big data by highlighting the social aspects.
Forensic linguistics is the application of linguistic knowledge and theory to forensic, legal, or criminal contexts. This article sets out some of the ways the forensic linguists can and do contribute to cybercrime investigations, as well as indicating how a basic knowledge of linguistics can be of use to investigators. This article introduces both investigative and evidentiary applications, including comparative authorship analysis, sociolinguistic profiling, and the determination of meaning. Through a discussion of casework and research this article aims to increase awareness and provide an introduction into the field of forensic linguistics, and its potential applications within the field of cybercrime. This article will focus on native language influence detection as an example of an area of forensic linguistic research and methodology that can be applied in cybercrime casework, discussing both the research and its findings, and demonstrating potential application.
This study analyses data from a survey of Australian adult computer users conducted in June 2021 to examine the influence of online routine activities and life stressors on the likelihood of profit-motivated cybercrime victimisation.Compared with non-victims, victims spent more time online, more frequently engaged in recreational online activities and were more likely to employ higher-risk online practices. Small-to-medium enterprise owners working from home were more likely to be victims. Respondents who had experienced recent increases in financial stress and gambling and negative impacts on interpersonal relationships during the COVID-19 pandemic were also more likely to be a victim of cybercrime.Being accessible online and a lack of personal and physical guardianship are associated with an increased risk of being a victim, but other factors may influence the susceptibility of computer users to cybercrime victimisation. This has important implications for cybercrime responses.
"Technological advances have enabled multiple countries to consider implementing Smart City Infra-structure to provide in-depth insights into different data points and enhance the lives of citizens. Un-fortunately, these new technological implementations also entice adversaries and cybercriminals to execute cyber-attacks and commit criminal acts on these modern infrastructures. Given the borderless nature of cyber attacks, varying levels of understanding of smart city infrastructure and ongoing investigation workloads, law enforcement agencies and investigators would be hard-pressed to respond to these kinds of cybercrime. Without an investigative capability by investigators, these smart in-frastructures could become new targets favored by cybercriminals. To address the challenges faced by investigators, we propose a common definition of smart city infrastructure. Based on the definition, we utilize the STRIDE threat modeling methodology and the Microsoft Threat Modeling Tool to identify threats present in the infrastructure and create a threat model which can be further customized or extended by interested parties. Next, we map offences, possible evidence sources and types of threats identified to help investigators understand what crimes could have been committed and what evidence would be required in their investigation work. Finally, noting that Smart City Infrastructure investigations would be a global multi-faceted challenge, we discuss technical and legal opportunities in digital forensics on Smart City Infrastructure. & COPY; 2023 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to quantify the number of cybercrime units that are on the world wide web and the manner in which they represent themselves, and to clarify how they are communicating information to their constituency (i.e. the visitors to their site) through new technology. Design/methodology/approach - There is no sampling frame that serves as an exhaustive list of law enforcement departments with web sites, nor law enforcement departments with computer crime units, nor law enforcement departments with cybercrime unit web sites. As such, the world wide web was combed using popular search engines to find as many US-based cybercrime unit web sites as possible. The final sample size was 88. Findings - The findings suggest that though cybercrime units across the USA typically have similar missions (e.g. to respond to one or more forms of computer crime), they used their self-representing web site in different ways. Beyond providing basic contact information and details about the cybercrime unit, web sites varied considerably in the depth and nature of their content. Units largely utilized these sites to simply exist on the world wide web. It was also unclear whether the sites actually fostered two-way communication between agencies and their constituents. Sites also placed an emphasis on providing information that visitors might use to reduce their vulnerability to victimization through educational efforts. Research limitations/implications - The sites in the sample all sought to inform their constituencies about the existence of the cybercrime unit they represent and the services they render, and to provide basic contact information. They seemingly differed, though, in the main intent and purpose of their site - which introduced variability in terms of the delivery of their content. Furthermore, disparities in available resources likely dictated the quality and depth of information presented on these sites. Practical implications - This work assesses the current state of law enforcement information delivery over the world wide web, and also informs best practices in quality, depth, and comprehensiveness of that information delivery. This can then be used by law enforcement departments who have a cybercrime unit web site to improve its current state and fine-tune communications and information dissemination efforts. Originality/value - This is the first assessment of the world wide web presences of US law enforcement cybercrime units and contributes to the knowledgebase associated with agency communication with external entities.
"In the latest years a spectacular growth of hacking cracking activity is going one. In many cases behind these activities young students are involved. What is the their motivation for taking the road of cyber criminality? Why they use their skills and knowledge to harm other people? What can we, teachers, do abut it? Not all cyber criminals start their activity with financial benefits in mind. In order to try to identify possible solutions to improve the present situation, we would try to briefly discuss the following subjects:, the motivation factors of youngsters to become a hacker, the public image of those who infringe the law on the Internet; The attitude towards other young people involved in such activities in correlation with involvement of a higher number of youth in cybercrime activities;, the level of knowledge and awareness regarding the notions of cybercrime;, reactions of youth in relation with the educational activities mentioned above;, the role and image of cybercrime law enforcement authorities;, involvement of other actors from the public or private sector in combating or preventing cybercrime. Considering the actual level of knowledge of the wide masses in the field of cyber criminality, we propose a higher involvement of education in preparing the people to face the threat of a cyber attack (C) 2013 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd."
Sniffers are among the commonest approaches for capturing network traffic activities and collecting digital evidences in cybercrime investigations. The ubiquity of instant messaging (IM) apps on smartphones has provided criminals with communication channels that are difficult to decode. Moreover, investigators and analysts of cybercrimes are encountering increasingly large datasets. To combat criminal activity, law enforcement agencies (LEAs) often rely on call-record analysis. In this paper, cybercriminals are investigated by network forensics and sniffing techniques. Retrieving valuable information from specific IM apps is difficult because the criminal's IP address records are not easily recognisable on the Internet. Here, a criminal's identity is located more effectively by a packet filter framework that isolates the WhatsApp communication features from huge collections of network packets. A rule extraction method for sniffing packets is proposed that retrieves the relevant attributes from high-dimensional analysis based on geolocation and a pivot table. The utility of this methodology is illustrated on real-time network forensics and a lawful interception system in Taiwan. The methodology also meets the ISO/TEC 27043: 2015 standards of fear, uncertainty, and doubt avoidance. Besides supporting LEAs in discovering criminal communication payloads, prosecuting cybercriminals and bringing them to justice, it improves the effectiveness of modern call-record analysis.
Cybercrime is rising rapidly in India. Developing economies such as India face unique cybercrime risks. This paper examines cybercrime and cybersecurity in India. The literature on which this paper draws is diverse, encompassing the work of economists, criminologists, institutionalists and international relations theorists. We develop a framework that delineates the relationships of formal and informal institutions, various causes of prosperity and poverty and international relations related aspects with cybercrime and cybersecurity and apply it to analyze the cybercrime and cybersecurity situations in India. The findings suggest that developmental, institutional and international relations issues are significant to cybercrime and cybersecurity in developing countries.
The advancements in computer systems and networks have created a new environment for criminal acts, widely known as cybercrime. Cybercrime incidents are occurrences of particular criminal offences that pose a serious threat to the global economy, safety, and well-being of society. This paper offers a comprehensive understanding of cybercrime incidents and their corresponding offences combining a series of approaches reported in relevant literature. initially, this paper reviews and identifies the features of cybercrime incidents, their respective elements and proposes a combinatorial incident description schema. The schema provides the opportunity to systematically combine various elements-or cybercrime characteristics. Additionally, a comprehensive list of cybercrime-related offences is put forward. The offences are ordered in a two-level classification system based on specific criteria to assist in better classification and correlation of their respective incidents. This enables a thorough understanding of the repeating and underlying criminal activities. The proposed system can serve as a common reference overtaking obstacles deriving from misconceptions for cybercrimes with cross-border activities. The proposed schema can he extended with a list of recommended actions, corresponding measures and effective policies that match with the offence type and subsequently with a particular incident. This matching will enable better monitoring, handling and moderate cybercrime incident occurrences. The ultimate objective is to incorporate the schema-based description of cybercrime elements to a complete incident management system with standard operating procedures and protocols.
Among various types of threats to urban and rural security, there has been an increase in cybercrime in recent years, an increase in criminal offenses in the e-environment. This also applies to the sexual exploitation of children in the e-environment. Sexual violence against children in cyberspace is linked to objectively determined factors, such as the development of Internet technologies and their wide availability. The active efforts of children to learn and use the new technologies, the attractiveness of the virtual environment in contrast to the real situation and the ambiguous and in many cases incomprehensible nature, as well as the saturation of pornographic material in the Internet, the weak control of their distribution, should be noted. Due to the increasing availability of the Internet, the expansion of e-services in cities and rural areas is relatively balanced. An Internet user may be at risk in both big cities and in a less populated rural area. Among Internet users the proportion of young people and children is relatively high, which objectively determines their increased victimization potential. Among threats to children related to the e-environment, multiple forms of child sexual abuse, including cyberbullying, sextings, sextorings, cyberstalkings, are increasing.
The objective of the research consisted of developing a strategy through which aspiring police officers of the Rafael Reyes Police School could acquire knowledge and adopt practices to prevent cybercrime, specifically, phishing, vishing, smishing, impersonation, and scamming. This strategy aimed to strengthen the police service by ensuring that students acquire basic competencies in this field and are familiar with the procedures to follow in the event of being a victim or assisting affected individuals. The research employed a mixed-method approach, combining qualitative and quantitative elements. Initially, the researchers surveyed 220 students enrolled in the professional police service technician program to identify the most common cybercrimes that have affected the academic community. Additionally, by using the Virtual CAI (Cyber Incidents) service, the investigators identified the most reported crimes in the country during 2022. Moreover, statistical records of criminal activities registered in the Statistical Criminal and Contraventional Information System of the National Police of Colombia (SIEDCO) were also consulted, focusing on the five most frequently reported modalities. Finally, the authors sought to develop competencies in aspiring police officers to address cybercrimes by designing a mobile application that provides information on these felonies, protective measures, online tools, and instructions to file an official complaint. This case study highlighted the need for educational institutions, especially police training institutions, to prioritize cybersecurity and include topics of prevention and digital safety in their curriculum.
"Cybercriminals are becoming increasingly intelligent and aggressive, making them more adept at covering their tracks, and the global epidemic of cybercrime necessitates significant efforts to enhance cybersecurity in a realistic way. The COVID-19 pandemic has accelerated the cybercrime threat landscape. Cybercrime has a significant impact on the gross domestic product (GDP) of every targeted country. It encompasses a broad spectrum of offenses committed online, including hacking; sensitive information theft; phishing; online fraud; modern malware distribution; cyberbullying; cyber espionage; and notably, cyberattacks orchestrated by botnets. This study provides a new collaborative deep learning approach based on unsupervised long short-term memory (LSTM) and supervised convolutional neural network (CNN) models for the early identification and detection of botnet attacks. The proposed work is evaluated using the CTU-13 and IoT-23 datasets. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method achieves superior performance, obtaining a very satisfactory success rate (over 98.7%) and a false positive rate of 0.04%. The study facilitates and improves the understanding of cyber threat intelligence, identifies emerging forms of botnet attacks, and enhances forensic investigation procedures."
"Considering the severity of the problem of cybercrime, it must next be deliberated whether forensic psychology can aid in the detection, prevention and governance of these crimes or not. While forensic psychology to date has generally focused on violent, sexual and juvenile offences, most of its theory and practice can also be applied to other offences, such as cybercrime. This chapter aims to investigate if forensic psychology can be useful in solving the problem of cybercrime, and briefly considers to what extent it has been applied to these crimes so far. Initially, definitions of forensic psychology will be discussed, and the primary responsibilities and activities of forensic psychologists will be described. Following this the authors will examine how each of these responsibilities and activities may be applied to cybercrime cases, before determining to what extent forensic psychology has been involved in cybercrime cases to date. Suggestions will be made for how to promote the benefits of forensic psychology in cybercrime cases, and finally proposals for future research and potential trends will be highlighted. In order to provide background to the reader who is not familiar with forensic psychology, a very brief overview of some of the key research in the field is provided in the appropriate sections below. However, the reader is encouraged to consult a textbook on the area in order to gain a more thorough appreciation of the breadth and depth of research in this field to date (see for example Davies, Hollin & Bull, 2008; Howitt, 2009 or Huss, 2009)."
Africa has been among the fastest growing regions in terms of cybercrime activities. The continent is also a source of significant cyberattacks targeting the rest of the world. However, a number of measures have been taken to address cyber-threats and improve cybersecurity in the continent. Many countries in the continent have developed legislation to fight cyber-threats. They have also strengthened enforcement measures. Private sector efforts have also been undertaken to strengthen cybersecurity.
A lot has been written on cybercrime and its prevention, but the problem has proved particularly resilient to remedial action. Desperate and vulnerable individuals in every continent continue to fall into its trap. Despite this, there is dearth of descriptive study that attempts to unravel the strategies employed by the perpetrators in Nigeria, as an important precondition for workable and reliable policy direction to address the problem. This article has filled this gap by using data from 40 cybercrime perpetrators selected with snowballing technique. The findings revealed that most of the cybercrime perpetrators in Nigeria are between the age of 22 and 29 years who were undergraduates and have distinctive lifestyles from other youths. Their strategies include collaboration with security agents and bank officials, local and international networking, and the use of voodoo that is, traditional supernatural power. It was clear that most perpetrators of cybercrime were involved in on-line dating and buying and selling with fake identity among others. The article discussed the need for reorientation of Nigerian youths in higher institutions, and various methods as guiding principles for potential victims. It recommended a complete reorganization of the Nigerian Police Force and Economic and Financial Crime Commission, as some of the officers in the institutions aid and abet cybercrime. It finally suggested a review of the Nigerian law guiding the operations of banking, poster agencies, and various speed post services in the country, as these are necessary preconditions to effectively combat the problem.
Malicious software is increasingly used by hackers and attackers in order to acquire sensitive information and compromise various systems. The sophistication of these tools has increased to such a point that individuals now sell various programs and services through electronic markets where data can be bought and sold. There is, however, minimal research examining the social dynamics that structure the relationships between buyers and sellers and the nature of the market dynamics overall. This study addresses this gap in the literature through a qualitative investigation of a sample of threads from 10 publicly accessible Russian web forums that facilitate the distribution of malware and attack tools. The findings indicate that price, customer service, and trust influence the relationships between actors in this market and influence the nature of exchanges in these forums.
Victimization from cybercrime has increased exponentially over the past decade. Frontline police officers are dealing with a variety of crimes different than those existing in an era before the advent of digital technology. Frontline officers are expected to encourage members of the public to report such crimes, to investigate them, as well as keeping up-to-date with the latest developments in this ever-changing landscape. This study explored the issues that frontline officers are dealing with on a daily basis when it comes to cybercrime. Sixteen frontline police officers took part in focus groups exploring key questions around aspects of cybercrime. The key themes discussed in this article include the difficulty of defining what is cybercrime, the contrast between the speed of developments in cybercrime and the speed of investigation, and the ineffectiveness of current training. The results are discussed in the context of a need for clearer training information to be delivered to all officers and staff who come into contact with aspects of cybercrime.
cybercrime research, particularly for criminologists. This issue provides critical examples of the diversity of cybercrime scholarship, both in (Akers, 1998), self-control (Gottfredson & Hirschi, 1993), and routine control and opportunity received far less exploration. The same is true the work of Maimon et al. and Moneva et al. The work of Leukfeldt and Holt and Weulen Kranenbarg also expands our baseline knowledge of the nature of cybercrime offending and networked relationships. unique benefits of both traditional and novel research designs. For sample of individuals with experience with social engineering, either
Cybercrime threats are often originating from trusted, malicious, or negligent insiders, who have excessive access privileges to an organization's network, system, or data. The sophistication of insider threats has led to cybercrime issues. Even when an incident is detected, the follow-up countermeasures are required to analyze the results. The analysis of cybercrime insider investigation presents many opportunities for actionable intelligence on improving the quality and value of digital evidence. There are several advantages of applying Deep Packet Inspection (DPI) methods in cybercrime insider investigation. This study discusses the importance of actionable intelligence to conduct investigations and addresses the countermeasure of a cybercrime insider investigation with DPI to detect anomalies in network packets.
Cybercrimes are the biggest threat that can influence the future of e-commerce, particularly in difficult times such as the COVID-19 pandemic. This pandemic has resulted in noticeable changes in e-customer behaviour represented in three types: spending rates, types of goods bought, and the number of purchasing times. More over, the percentage of cybercrime in many countries, including Saudi Arabia, has increased during the pandemic. The increase in the number of cybercrimes during the COVID-19 crisis and the changes in consumer behaviour shows that there is an urgent need to conduct research on the factors that have led to this. This study will explore the most significant factors that have an effect on the unexpected change of customer behaviour and cybercrime perceived risk during the COVID-19 pandemic in Saudi Arabia. The finding of the study will hopefully contribute to attempts in finding safer methods for shopping online during COVID-19 and similar crisis.
Cimes in the field of computer information have become pressing issue in society today. Its relevance is evidenced by news from around the world, criminal statistics, problematic issues in the science of criminal law, as well as problems in criminal proceedings. All this is due to the fact that as a phenomenon, crimes in the field of computer information belong to the very specific category that is constantly evolves technological progress. The purpose of the article is to study the phenomenon of crimes in the field of computer information, to define the concept of crimes in the field of computer information and types of these crimes, to provide general characteristics of crimes in the field of computer information, as well as to identify their classification. Various methods of scientific knowledge were used as a methodological basis for writing this article. In particular, comparison methods, analogies and generalization methods were used. In our time, cybercrime has spiraled out of the control of one state's law enforcement agencies and has become a significant interstate and transnational problem.
In the late 70's, a Group of Experts on Transborder Data Barriers and Privacy Protection was set up within the OECD. This expert group developed guidelines on basic rules governing the transborder flow and the protection of personal data and privacy. The purpose was to facilitate a harmonization of national legislations, without this precluding at a later date the establishment of an international Convention. The Guidelines are described as minimum standards for adoption in domestic legislation... and... capable of being supplemented by additional measures for the protection of privacy and individual liberties at the national as well as the international level. Decades on, there remains no internationally accepted set of principles, leaving states with piecemeal legislation.(2) The draft Cybercrime Law for Cambodia is just the latest in this long line of laws that attempt to resolve this issue. This Article will demonstrate, however, that the draft Cybercrime Law for Cambodia exposed a dangerous drift away from international human rights standards regarding protection of speech and right to privacy on the Internet. We will also propose possible redrafting of the Cambodian law, to bring it in line with their international human rights obligations and provide for easier implementation along with a possible framework for an international construct dealing with this pressing legal issue. (c) 2015 Felicity Gerry. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
China is linked to cybercrimes of diverse types, scales, motivations and objectives. The Chinese cyberspace thus provides an interesting setting for the study of cybercrimes. In this paper, we first develop typology, classification and characterization of cybercrimes associated with China, which would help us understand modus operandi, structures, profiles and personal characteristics of cybercrime organizations and potential perpetrators, the signature aspects and goals of cybercrimes, the nature and backgrounds of the criminal groups involved, characteristics of potential targets for criminal activities, the nature and extent of the damage inflicted on the victims and the implications to and responses elicited from various actors. We then examine this issue from developmental and international political economy angles. Specifically, we delineate salient features of China's politics, culture, human capital and technological issues from the standpoint of cyber-security and analyze emerging international relations and international trade issues associated with this phenomenon. Our analysis indicates that China's global ambition, the shift in the base of regime legitimacy from MarxLeninism to economic growth, the strong state and weak civil society explain the distinctive pattern of the country's cyber-attack and cyber-security landscapes.
The Internet of Things (IoT) represents the seamless merging of the real and digital world, with new devices created that store and pass around data. Processing large quantities of IoT data will proportionately increase workloads of data centres, leaving providers with new security, capacity, and analytics challenges. Handling this data conveniently is a critical challenge, as the overall application performance is highly dependent on the properties of the data management service. This article explores the challenges posed by cybercrime investigations and digital forensics concerning the shifting landscape of crime - the IoT and the evident investigative complexity - moving to the Internet of Anything (IoA)/Internet of Everything (IoE) era. IoT forensics requires a multi-faceted approach where evidence may be collected from a variety of sources such as sensor devices, communication devices, fridges, cars and drones, to smart swarms and intelligent buildings.
Cybercrime-crime committed through the use of a computer-is a real and growing problem that costs governments, businesses, and individual computer users millions of dollars annually and that facilitates many of the same crimes committed in realspace, such as identity theft and the trafficking of child pornography, only on a larger scale. However, the current strategies deployed by law enforcement to combat cybercrime have proven ineffective. Borne out of traditional notions of criminal behavior, these strategies and tactics are often ill-suited to prevent or punish cybercrime, which often defies the traditional notions of criminal behavior bounded by the corporeal world such as scale and proximity. This Comment argues that a more effective methodology in the fight against cybercrime is to develop a model of community policing, in which the power to deter and prevent cybercrime is divested into the hands of individual computer users. One such strategy for achieving effective community policing against cybercrime is through the increased use of open-source soft-ware, software in which users are given access to the underlying source code and may make modifications to that source code in order to ameliorate vulnerabilities that may enable cybercrime. This Comment looks at the development of traditional community policing strategies and argues that the increased use of open source software-spurned by greater involvement by government and corporations-may be a more effective technique in the fight against cybercrime.
Although it is known that businesses report cybercrime to public authorities at a low rate, and this hinders prevention strategies, there is a lack of research on companies' decisions to report cyber victimisation. This paper analyses the UK Cyber Security Breaches Survey to explore factors associated with cybercrime reporting by businesses. Results indicate that the type of cybercrime is relevant to the reporting decision, and that the likelihood of reporting increases when cybersecurity incidents generate negative impacts and when the company places high priority on cybersecurity. However, we find no association between having cybersecurity insurance and reporting. Finally, while having outsourced cybersecurity management is associated with reporting to anyone outside the organisation but not to public authorities, in-house cybersecurity teams seem more inclined to report to public authorities. Findings are discussed in relation to the role of the private cybersecurity sector and the criminal justice system in combatting cybercrime.
This paper examines the scope and application of the clause of exclusion of penalty passed in article 16 of Act number 21.459 on cybercrime, which regulates authorized access to a computer system in the framework of security research, concluding that it is unnecessary in light of the definition of the criminal offense of illegal access in the Chilean legislation. In that sense, it is concluded that article 16 has, in fact, an expressive-integrating effect on the importance of computer system security research.
"The purpose of this report is to inform and warn academics about practices used by cybercriminals who seek to profit from unwary scholars and undermine the industry of science. This report describes the signs, symptoms, characteristics, and consequences of predatory publishing and related forms of consumer fraud. Methods to curb these cybercrimes include educating scholars and students about tactics used by predatory publishers; institutional changes in how faculty are evaluated using publications; soliciting cooperation from the industries that support academic publishing and indexing to curb incorporation of illegitimate journals; and taking an offensive position by reporting these consumer fraud crimes to the authorities. Over and above the problem of publishing good science in fraudulent journals, disseminating and citing poor-quality research threaten the credibility of science and of nursing."
Cybercrimes have become an eye-catching social problem in not only China but also other countries of the world. Cybercrimes can be divided into two categories and different kinds of cybercrimes shall be treated differently. In this article, some typical cybercrimes are introduced in detail in order to set forth the characteristics of those cybercrimes. However, to defeat cybercrimes, joint efforts from countries all over the world shall be made.
Cybercrimes are developing at a rapid pace, forcing investigative methods to follow suit through the implementation of integrated virtual reality (VR) techniques. The current study discusses preliminary findings from the utilization of VR training in cyber investigations, particularly in search and seizure procedures. Using a three-stage training, students were assessed on the use of a VR program through pre- and post-testing and in-depth interviews. These findings indicated that VR training helped students understand and reinforce concepts, procedures, and techniques of cyber investigation. These findings signified how pivotal it is to integrate VR training in academia and forensic departments. Cybercrime investigation training is expected to both quickly and efficiently incorporate technological and industrial advancements accompanying the Fourth Industrial Revolution so that newly discovered and sophisticated cybercrimes can be prevented as soon as possible. Ultimately, the training will aid investigators in creating efficient and effective countermeasures while alleviating burdens on the investigation.
This study uses open source, public information to examine nation-state and non-nation-state ideologically motivated cyberattacks performed against US targets from 1998 to 2018. We created the Extremist Cyber Crime Database (ECCD) that includes scheme, offender and target codebooks to address gaps in existing research and better inform policymakers. We describe our open source collection procedures, the type of information uncovered, and how we assessed their quality and reliability. We highlight our findings, compare these extremist cyber-crimes to extremist real world violence, and discuss their conceptual and policy implications.
This chapter presents and explores the legal issues surrounding the fundamental human rights of victims and in relation to non-discrimination, in the context of cybercrime (CC) and cyberterrorism (CT) research. In relation to non-discrimination, the focus is on social inclusion, minimising disparities and avoiding marginalisation of groups, particularly when presenting results of studies involving identified sections of society. The importance of victims' rights in relation to CC/CT research is then explored and the most relevant aspects as a possible limiting factor in this area are outlined. The infinite value of awareness of these considerations as well as independence and neutrality of research is emphasised.
Cybercrime's tentacles reach deeply into the Internet. A complete, underground criminal economy has developed that lets malicious actors steal money through the Web. The authors detail this enterprise, showing how information, expertise, and money flow through it. Understanding the underground economy's structure is critical for fighting it.
This paper is about the question when virtual cybercrime should be brought under the scope of the criminal law. By virtual cybercrime I mean crime that involves a specific aspect of computers or computer networks: virtuality. Examples of virtual cybercrime are: virtual child pornography, theft of virtual items and the killing of an avatar (a virtual person). Drawing from philosophical ontology and legal philosophy I will establish what the necessary and sufficient conditions are for virtual cybercrime to obtain in order to count as crime under criminal law. I will also examine when virtual cybercrime meets these criteria.
"Across both the public and private sector, cybersecurity decisions could be informed by estimates of the likelihood of different types of exploitation and the corresponding harms. Law enforcement should focus on investigating and disrupting those cybercrimes that are relatively more frequent, all else being equal. Similarly, firms should account for the likelihood of different forms of cyber incident when tailoring risk management policies. This paper reviews the quantitative evidence available for both cybercrime victimisation and cyber risk likelihood, providing a bridge between the academic fields of criminology and cybersecurity. We extract estimates from 48 studies conducted by a mix of academics, statistical institutes, and cybersecurity vendors using a range of data sources including victim surveys, case-control studies, and the insurance market. The victimisation estimates are categorised into: cyber attack; malware; ransomware; fraudulent email; online banking fraud; online sales fraud; unauthorised access; Denial of Service; and identity theft. For each category, we display all estimates in the years 2017-2021. Our review shows: (i) firms face higher victimisation rates than individuals, which increases in the number of employees; (ii) global surveys reveal a consistent relative ranking of countries in ransomware victimisation; (iii) although trends could be identified within studies that collect longitudinal data, these trends tended to contradict each other when compared across studies; and (iv) broad categories with unclear consequences (e.g. malware and fraudulent emails) displayed higher variance and average values than categories associated with specific outcomes (e.g. identity theft or online banking fraud). We discuss the outlook for cybercrime and cyber risk research."
"What follows here is an examination of the risks and issues related to illegal content within, and related to, the context of cybercrime and cyberterrorism research. Before any useful analysis can take place, it is necessary to create an understanding of the subject matter; therein lies the first challenge. The problem of establishing what the term 'illegal content' encompasses is addressed throughout. By outlining the particular relevance of illegal content with regard to research, we set out the key considerations which will assist in understanding what is required to successfully carry out valuable research and to understand the possible limitations. Some of these are related to the fact that the nature of much illegal content means that victim considerations are of utmost importance. Just as there is no specific definition of illegal content, there is no specific legislation addressing this type of criminal activity, therefore a wide range is presented and considered, which further assists in illustrating different perspectives. Countries too, have different perspectives and an in-depth examination of two of them reveal both similarities and differences. The general conclusion draws together the findings and the issues that have been addressed and provides a holistic view of the main points before key recommendations are presented."
While many countries have modernized their laws to take into account law enforcement needs to counter the threat of cybercrime, many others are in the process of doing so or have yet to begin. Drawing from the laws of a number of countries and from the provisions of the Convention on Cybercrime (2001), this Article discusses the policy choices lawmakers must make in developing appropriate substantive and procedural laws to combat cybercrime.
The boredom and alienation produced by capitalist societies and countervailing forces of attraction and excitement are at the heart of the subcultural account of crime. The underground hacker subculture is no exception, commonly represented as based around exciting, technically skilled practices and high-profile deviance. However, the illicit economy associated with these practices has become industrialized, developing shared infrastructures that facilitate the sale of illicit services rather than skilled technical work. We explore how this shift in the nature of work has shaped the culture and experiences of this subculture. Developing a novel concept-the 'illicit infrastructure'-and drawing on an extensive analysis of empirical data from interviews and novel data sources such as forums and chat channels, we argue that as they industrialize, deviant subcultures can begin to replicate the division of labour, cultural tensions and conditions of alienation present in mainstream capitalist economies.
Researchers have observed the increasing commoditization of cybercrime, that is, the offering of capabilities, services, and resources as commodities by specialized suppliers in the underground economy. Commoditization enables outsourcing, thus lowering entry barriers for aspiring criminals, and potentially driving further growth in cybercrime. While there is evidence in the literature of specific examples of cybercrime commoditization, the overall phenomenon is much less understood. Which parts of cybercrime value chains are successfully commoditized, and which are not? What kind of revenue do criminal business-to-business (B2B) services generate and how fast are they growing? We use longitudinal data from eight online anonymous marketplaces over six years, from the original Silk Road to AlphaBay, and track the evolution of commoditization on these markets. We develop a conceptual model of the value chain components for dominant criminal business models. We then identify the market supply for these components over time. We find evidence of commoditization in most components, but the outsourcing options are highly restricted and transaction volume is often modest. Cash-out services feature the most listings and generate the largest revenue. Consistent with behavior observed in the context of narcotic sales, we also find a significant amount of revenue in retail cybercrime, i.e., business-to-consumer (B2C) rather than business-to-business. We conservatively estimate the overall revenue for cybercrime commodities on online anonymous markets to be at least US $15M between 2011-2017. While there is growth, commoditization is a spottier phenomenon than previously assumed.
A great deal of criminological research has attempted to understand and identify the causes of victimization using the lifestyle-routine activities theory. Recent researchers have argued that the lifestyle-routine activities theory may be able to explain the increasingly significant phenomenon of computer and cybercrime. This claim has been contested by Yar (2005), however, who argues that routine activities theory is limited in explaining cybercrime. Few empirical tests exist to address this important issue. Thus, this study attempts to explore this gap in the research literature by examining a specific form of cybercrime, on-line harassment. Using a sample of students at a southeastern university, this analysis found some support for elements of lifestyle-routine activities theory. Individual and peer involvement in computer crime and deviance also significantly increased the risk of victimization. The implications of these findings for theorists and researchers are also explored.
Cybercrime has created substantial challenges for law enforcement, particularly at the local level. Most scholars and police administrators believe that patrol officers need to become more effective first responders to cybercrime calls. The evidence illustrates, however, that many patrol officers are neither adequately prepared nor strongly interested in taking an active role in addressing cybercrime at the local level. This study, therefore, examined the factors that predicted patrol officer interest in cybercrime training and investigations in two southeastern U.S. cities. The study specifically examined the relationship between demographics, cybercrime exposure, computer training, computer proficiency, Internet and cybercrime perceptions, and views on policing cybercrime with officer interest in cybercrime investigation training and conducting cybercrime investigations in the future. Officer views on policing cybercrime, particularly whether they valued cybercrime investigations and believed that cybercrime would dramatically change policing, along with their computer skills, were the strongest predictors of interest in cybercrime efforts. Officers who had received previous computer training were less interested in additional training and conducting investigations. These findings support the argument that more command and departmental meetings focusing on the value of investigating these types of crime need to be held in order to increase officer interest.
A systematised investigation process for copyright-related cybercrime offences has been designed in the Business Process Model and Notation (BPMN) and implemented by financial crime investigators of a Law Enforcement Agency. The proposed approach has increased the efficiency of the performed investigations and the dissemination of knowledge to relevant agencies.
Internet of Things (IoT) is the utmost assuring framework to facilitate human life with quality and comfort. IoT has contributed significantly to numerous application areas. The stormy expansion of smart devices and their credence for data transfer using wireless mechanics boost their susceptibility to cyberattacks. Consequently, the cybercrime rate is increasing day by day. Hence, the study of IoT security threats and possible corrective measures can benefit researchers in identifying appropriate solutions to deal with various challenges in cybercrime investigation. IoT forensics plays a vital role in cybercrime investigations. This review paper presents an overview of the IoT framework consisting of IoT architecture, protocols, and technologies. Various security issues at each layer and corrective measures are also discussed in detail. This paper also presents the role of IoT forensics in cybercrime investigation in various domains like smart homes, smart cities, automated vehicles, and healthcare. The role of advanced technologies like artificial intelligence, machine learning, cloud computing, edge computing, fog computing, and blockchain technology in cybercrime investigation is also discussed. Lastly, various open research challenges in IoT to assist cybercrime investigation are explained to provide a new direction for further research.
Cybercriminals exploit the opportunities provided by the information revolution and social media to communicate and conduct underground illicit activities, such as online fraudulence, cyber predation, cyberbullying, hacking, blackmailing, and drug smuggling. To combat the increasing number of criminal activities, structure and content analysis of criminal communities can provide insight and facilitate cybercrime forensics. In this paper, we propose a framework to analyze chat logs for crime investigation using data mining and natural language processing techniques. The proposed framework extracts the social network from chat logs and summarizes conversation into topics. The crime investigator can use information visualizer to see the crime-related results. To test the validity of our proposed framework, we worked in a joint effort with the cybercrime unit of a Canadian law enforcement agency. The experimental outcomes on real-life data and feedback from the law enforcement officers suggest that the proposed chat log mining framework meets the need for law enforcement agencies and is very effective for crime investigation.
A European Public-Private Partnership (PPP) is an important instrument for boosting innovation and consolidating the European market and offering in a given sector. When it comes to cybersecurity, the establishment of a PPP is driven by the need to stimulate the competitiveness and innovation capacities of the digital security and privacy industry in Europe, and ensuring a sustained supply of innovative cybersecurity products and services in Europe. Given the growth and severity of cyber-attacks, such an initiative must take into account developments in cybercrime and cyberterrorism, including threats to particularly vulnerable and high impact areas such as critical industrial systems, the issue of trust and privacy, as well as the role of specific threat agents. It is therefore important that all relevant departments of the European institutions and agencies coordinate their efforts and bring in the perspective of Member States so that the full range of cybersecurity issues are considered from the public side, enabling the private sector to focus its efforts on developing a European cybersecurity industry through the adoption of an approach linked to the high and fast growth of technological competence and competitiveness. Only with strong governance and a dynamic approach can a PPP on cybersecurity develop a sustainable Digital Single Market ecosystem in Europe, making it a real and global cybersecurity leader.
With increasing popularity and 1.9 billion cumulative registered accounts, virtual worlds are seeing an increase in a cybercrime named Virtual Property Theft. Currently, there is no data available on victim's perception of reasons for this theft. In this study, the authors aim to identify these reasons, and fill the need for a deeper understanding of VPT. This study used a survey including questions on virtual property ownership, theft, recovery and security. This survey is the first to report the views of victims of theft and remarkably showed although users are aware of offenders and have adequate security knowledge, 23% still become victims. This highlights that cyber criminals have found loopholes in existing security systems. Finally, given the continual growth of virtual worlds, it is essential to develop new policies and effective regulations. In this paper we will discuss the most critical survey results relating to security and provide statistical analysis.
This study aims to examine the effectiveness of law enforcement on the protection of children victims of cybercrime in Indonesia. The method used is empirical legal research, which examines the law on social phenomena. The collecting data were from primary and secondary data. The primary data was based on the related institutions in handling child victims of cybercrime, and secondary data were collected through questionnaires administered to 4 (Four) selected Provinces samples. The results showed that the form of cybercrime experienced by the child as a victim dramatically increases every year and still seems to be weak in law enforcement. Public response to law enforcement from the aspects of law Substance, law enforcement, infrastructure facilities, inter-agency coordination is ineffective, and public responses to the handling of victims of cybercrime must be quickly addressed. This is a form of state responsibility for the protection of children victims of cybercrime. Thus, children can live and grow up to avoid the crimes that occur through the cyber development.
This article analyzes the European legal framework on cybercrime. Initially, it argues the challenges of cybercrime to traditional criminal justice systems. Subsequently, it focuses on the criminal law framework on cybercrime with a mainly European perspective. The European legal framework provides a three-path solution: the reduction of frictions among national legislations, the introduction of new investigative powers and the facilitation of international cooperation. The article presents and discusses each solution. Further, it argues that the effective implementation of the main legal instruments does not seem to depend on the legal enforceability of these international measures. Contrarily, other, non legal, factors such as national security, politics, the economy and the public opinion appear to stimulate the spontaneous implementation of the European legal framework. In this context, the added value of the EU action is rather low, although the Treaty of Lisbon and the Stockholm Programme may improve this situation in the long term.
In the world of cyber age, cybercrime is spreading its root extensively. Supervised classification methods such as the support vector machine (SVM) and K-nearest neighbor (KNN) models are employed for the classification of cybercrime data. Likewise, the unsupervised mode of classification involves the techniques of K-means clustering, Gaussian mixture model, and cluster quasi-random via fuzzy C-means clustering and fuzzy clustering. Neural networks are employed for determining synthetic identity theft. The formation of clusters takes place using these clustering techniques, which fetches crime data from the overall data. Cybercrime detection employs dataset that is fetched from CBS open data StatLine. The attributes utilized are concerning the crime victims through personal characteristics with total user identity being 1000. For analyzing the performance, different training and testing data undergo variation. Eventually using the best technique, the criminal is identified and the Gaussian mixture model in the unsupervised method reveals enhanced performance using the detection method. 76.56% percentage of accuracy is achieved in detecting the criminal. The accuracy achieved in case of classification via SVM classifier is 89% in the supervised method. Performance metrics for several attributes are being computed in terms of true positive (TP), false positive (FP), true negative (TN), false negative (FN), false alarm rate (FAR), detection rate (DR), accuracy (ACC), recall, precision, specificity, sensitivity, and Fowlkes-Mallows scores. The expectation-maximization (EM) algorithm is employed for assessing the performance of the Gaussian mixture model.
Now-a-days, cybercrime, cyberattacks, cyber security, phishing and malware are taking a more notorious role in people's daily lives, not only at the international level. The great technological leaps brought with them new modalities of cybercrime, the number of victims of cybercriminals has increased considerably. The objective of this study is to determine the state of the art about Mobile Applications and their impact on Computer Crime Prevention. Therefore, it has become necessary to know what preventive measures are being taken, such as techniques for detecting computer crimes, their modalities and their classification. To close this knowledge gap, a systematic literature review (SLR), a methodology proposed by Kitchenham & Charters, was proposed to obtain the detection techniques and classification of computer crimes based on the review of 68 papers published between the years 2017 and 2022. Likewise, different tables and graphs of the selected studies are provided, which offer additional information such as the most used keywords per paper, biometric networks, among others.
The rate of committing cybercrimes in Palestine has increased in recent years due to the increased use of the Internet and social media, in addition to the absence of deterrent legislation to combat these crimes. Palestine suffers from legal problems in the field of criminal legislation due to the duplication of penal laws applied in the West Bank and Gaza Strip. This article will discuss the legal framework of cybercrimes in Palestine. The researcher will mainly use historical, analytical, and library research methods for this purpose. The results indicate that the legal framework regulating cybercrimes in Palestine is not unified, and the difference in legislation regulating cybercrimes in Palestine has led to different penalties for cybercrimes, which violates the principle of equality stipulated in the Palestinian Basic Law (Palestinian Interim Constitution). The benefit of this article is to propose some recommendations to develop Palestinian laws in order to combat cybercrimes.
Cybercrime forum datasets are large and complex. Prior research uses aggregated time series data to create a picture of the whole dataset, or focuses on a smaller sample of cross sectional data, often for a specific subcommunity or crime time. This paper uses the longitudinal time series aspect of cybercrime forums to measure and observe the evolution of forums at a macro scale. Applying the digital drift theoretical framework, borrowed from criminology, we find a large amount of churn on the forum, with only a small proportion of users continuing long-term engagement. Measurements show a continual shift in forum activity, with year-based cohorts moving from starting in hacking discussions, towards starting in general discussions, and later towards e-whoring boards. The group of members who are active on the forum for over 12 months, typically have their last post in the marketplace, while other members, who are active for shorter periods of time, have their last post in hacking-related boards. Overall, we see an increasing trend towards financially-driven cybercrime, at both the user and forum level. Users post more in financially-related boards over time, and forum activity has trended away from gaming/social activity, trending towards more activity in market-related boards.
Paper presents how safety and security of the railway system have changed over the years taking into account both internal and external factors. It takes into account internal changes in railway technology itself including more and more shifting to electronic, programmable and database systems and shifting from closed to open data communication systems. It also takes into account external changes pointing environmental circumstances, vandalism and terrorism challenges as well as cybercrime changes. Paper is focusing on cybercrime and cybersecurity. It identifies functions of the railway systems which are supported by IT based solutions. Paper subdivides identified IT based solutions by their influence on the safety and security as well as by their susceptibility to external influences including unauthorised attempts to influence the way they work. It shows how much susceptibility depends on internal and external data communication. Paper analyses different types of hazardous events influencing communication starting from relationships between possible undesirable events and threats, which are defined by RAMS railway standards. Conclusions are pointing sensitive IT solutions areas together with descriptions of the related challenges.
Year in and year out the increasing adaptivity of offenders has maintained ransomware's position as a major cybersecurity threat. The cybersecurity industry has responded with a similar degree of adaptiveness, but has focussed more upon technical (science) than 'non-technical' (social science) factors. This article explores empirically how organisations and investigators have reacted to the shift in the ransomware landscape from scareware and locker attacks to the almost exclusive use of crypto-ransomware. We outline how, for various reasons, victims and investigators struggle to respond effectively to this form of threat. By drawing upon in-depth interviews with victims and law enforcement officers involved in twenty-six crypto-ransomware attacks between 2014 and 2018 and using an inductive content analysis method, we develop a data-driven taxonomy of crypto-ransomware countermeasures. The findings of the research indicate that responses to crypto-ransomware are made more complex by the nuanced relationship between the technical (malware which encrypts) and the human (social engineering which still instigates most infections) aspects of an attack. As a consequence, there is no simple technological 'silver bullet' that will wipe out the crypto-ransomware threat. Rather, a multi-layered approach is needed which consists of socio-technical measures, zealous front-line managers and active support from senior management. Crown Copyright (C) 2019 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
The official language of Kashmir, Kashmiri language or Koshur, is spoken by more than 7 million people, yet its content-based cybercrime detection remains unexplored in theoretical and experimental research. Furthermore, the absence of programming libraries for sentimental analysis and a benchmark corpus has impeded advancements in this field. Challenges persist in working with diverse scripts of Kashmiri, including Perso-Arabic, Sharada, Devanagari, and Roman. Detecting cybercrime in this language is challenging due to its complex morphological nature, lack of resources, scarcity of annotated datasets, and varied linguistic characteristics, emphasizing the importance of overcoming these obstacles to develop effective detection systems. This paper attempts to detect content-based cybercrime in Roman Kashmiri script, extensively utilized on online platforms like social media, chat rooms, emails, etc., by the Kashmiri community. A well-balanced and meaningful dataset, the first of its kind in this context, is compiled, incorporating positive and negative comments, and three strategies were employed for analysis. The findings reveal that the Tf-Idf Vectorizer outperforms other tokenization methods (Count Vectorizer and Tf-Idf Transformer), bi-gram notation exhibits superior performance compared to one and tri-gram notations, and the XGBM proves to be the most effective in terms of evaluation metrics. Leveraging these strategies, Python applications were developed for text classification, successfully distinguishing cyberbullying (unsafe) from non-cyberbullying (safe) instances, with the XGBM exhibiting exceptional accuracy using the Tf-Idf Vectorizer with bi-gram, a Bag of Words, and lexical features. This pioneering research underscores the urgent need for content-based cybercrime detection advancements in the Kashmiri language, paving the way for effective detection systems to address language-specific challenges and promote a safer online environment for the Kashmiri community. Furthermore, this research opens new avenues for further advancements in detecting and preventing cybercrime in Kashmiri and potentially in other languages lacking robust cybercrime detection methodologies.
Advancements in information technology are sources of both opportunity and vulnerability for citizens. Previous research indicates that there are significant challenges for police in investigating cybercrime, that community expectations about police responses are based largely on media representations, and that victims experience high levels of frustration and stigmatisation. This paper examines the views of the Australian community and law enforcement officers about the policing of cybercrime. Results suggest that police personnel are more likely to view cybercrime as serious, and community members are more likely to ascribe blame to victims. Results also indicate a discrepancy between police and community members in their views of the efficacy of police responses. These discrepancies contribute to public dissatisfaction. Therefore, the paper covers some general strategies for shortand long-term cybercrime prevention.
Cybercrime is a current and worsening problem all over the world. Various types of cybercrimes such as hacking, identity theft, harassment, and various forms of financial fraud are rampant. Further, although cybercrimes using information and communication technology (ICT) are widespread, effective measures and legislation to prevent or cope with them are in short supply. These circumstances warrant an analysis from a criminal's perspective of the reasons and methods for committing cybercrimes. Therefore, in this study cybercrimes are classified into three types-integrity-related, computer-related, and content-related-to identify major factors for each type and then propose measures to thwart them. We derived the main crime factors (i.e., cybercrime motives, enablers, methods, channels, suspects, and victims) for each type of cybercrime, then compared and analyzed them through interviews with police officers who specialize in combating them. This study contributes to the expansion of the literature on cybercrimes by deriving the main crime factors for each type of cybercrime from a criminal's perspective. Preventive measures for each type of cybercrime, based on the derived factors, can also contribute to the prevention of and response to actual cybercrimes.
"Cybercrime is one of the most significant security challenges of the 21st century. However, official statistics do not provide insights into its prevalence and nature. Representative cross-sectional field studies may help fill this gap, focusing on differences between urban and rural technology users. We (a) investigated the association between the purpose of computers and other electronic device usage and perceived vulnerability, (b) compared the differences in the purpose of computers or other electronic device use and perceived vulnerability, and (c) compared the perceived cyber victimization between residents of rural and urban areas. We conducted a field study that resulted in a representative sample of the Republic of Slovenia in Europe. We found several significant differences in the purpose of technology use and perceived cyber victimization. Furthermore, the results indicate that the purpose of technology use is somehow associated with perceived vulnerability in cyberspace; however, such associations are different in cyberspace than in the material world."
This chapter presents the UINFC2 Engaging Users in preventing and fighting Cybercrime software platform, showcasing how software tools designed to detect, collect, analyse, categorise and correlate information that is publically available online, can be used to enable and enhance the reporting, detection and removal capabilities of law enforcement and hotlines in response to cybercrimes and crimes associated with the sexual exploitation of children. It further discusses the social, economic and wider impact of cybercrime on a European and global scale, highlighting a number of challenges it poses to modern society before moving on to discuss the specific challenge posed by the proliferation of online child exploitation material and discussing the functionalities of the UINFC2 system as a response mechanism.
Underground forums enable technical innovation among criminals as well as allow for specialization, thereby making cybercrime economically efficient. The success of these forums is contingent on collective action twixt a variety of stakeholders. What distinguishes sustainable forums from those that fail? We begin to address these questions by examining underground forums under an economic framework that has been used to prescribe institutional choices in other domains, such as fisheries and forests. This framework examines the sustainability of cybercrime forums given a self governance model for a common-pool resource. We analyze five distinct forums: AntiChat (AC), BadHackerZ (BH), BlackhatWorld (BW), Carders (CC), and L33tCrew (LC). Our analyses indicate that successful/sustainable forums: 1) have easy/cheap community monitoring, 2) show moderate increase in new members, 3) do not witness reduced connectivity as the network size increases, 4) limit privileged access, and 5) enforce bans or fines on offending members. We define success as forums demonstrating small world effect.
The rationale of the article is contingent on the possible security threats afflicting the digital economy in the context of the cybercrime spreading. The authors emphasize the important role of the law enforcement agencies in the prevention and suppression of computer crimes, determine their priority tasks and propose the possible solutions to them. The research content touches upon the topical issues of the computer forensic analysis in the conditions of the digital economy development in the Russian Federation. The study focuses on the experts' tasks, problems of implementation and demand for various types of the computer forensics, taking into account the tendencies of the criminal attacks on information and telecommunication systems and the equipment. The article justifies the importance of conducting the comprehensive computer forensics in order to obtain the forensically relevant information when investigating crimes committed using the Internet. From the standpoint of the economy digitalization development analysis, the authors offer the options for the forensics practice improvement and organization of the training for the experts in the forensic units. From the standpoint of the economy digitalization development analysis, the authors suggest the solutions for the computer forensics practice improvement and organization of the training for the experts in the forensic units.
Criminals have been using the Internet to distribute a wide range of illegal materials globally in an anonymous manner, making criminal identity tracing difficult in the cybercrime investigation process. In this study we propose to adopt the authorship analysis framework to automatically trace identities of cyber criminals through messages they post on the Internet. Under this framework, three types of message features, including style markers, structural features, and content-specific features, are extracted and inductive learning algorithms are used to build feature-based models to identify authorship of illegal messages. To evaluate the effectiveness of this framework,we conducted an experimental study on data sets of English and Chinese email and online news-group messages. We experimented with all three types of message features and three inductive learning algorithms. The results indicate that the proposed approach can discover real identities of authors of both English and Chinese Internet messages with relatively high accuracies.
Online romance scams represent a growing global phenomenon. This study investigates a corpus of authentic messages of this type written in English, focusing on their structural, discursive, and linguistic features. The analysis shows that errors of judgment are exploited by scammers in order to lead victims to an inability to recognize an attempted fraud, despite the signs present in the message. The data obtained may contribute to the development and production of guidelines to be circulated widely, especially on sensitive sites online (e.g. dating sites), to help end-users to become more knowledgeable about adversarial fraudulent strategies. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cybercrime scene reconstruction that aims to reconstruct a previous execution of the cyber attack delivery process is an important capability for cyber forensics (e.g., post mortem analysis of the cyber attack executions). Unfortunately, existing techniques such as log-based forensics or record-and-replay techniques are not suitable to handle complex and long-running modern applications for cybercrime scene reconstruction and post mortem forensic analysis. Specifically, log-based cyber forensics techniques often suffer from a lack of inspection capability and do not provide details of how the attack unfolded. Record-and-replay techniques impose significant runtime overhead, often require significant modifications on end-user systems, and demand to replay the entire recorded execution from the beginning. In this paper, we propose (CSR)-S-2, a novel technique that can reconstruct an attack delivery chain (i.e., cybercrime scene) for post-mortem forensic analysis. It provides a highly desired capability: interactable partial execution reconstruction. In particular, it reproduces a partial execution of interest from a large execution trace of a long-running program. The reconstructed execution is also interactable, allowing forensic analysts to leverage debugging and analysis tools that did not exist on the recorded machine. The key intuition behind (CSR)-S-2 is partitioning an execution trace by resources and reproducing resource accesses that are consistent with the original execution. It tolerates user interactions required for inspections that do not cause inconsistent resource accesses. Our evaluation results on 26 real-world programs show that (CSR)-S-2 has low runtime overhead (less than 5.47%) and acceptable space overhead. We also demonstrate with four realistic attack scenarios that (CSR)-S-2 successfully reconstructs partial executions of long-running applications such as web browsers, and it can remarkably reduce the user's efforts to understand the incident.
An increasing number of cybercrimes has presented new global challenges to law enforcement agencies that traditionally operate within designated geographical jurisdictions and patrol territories. The borderless nature of cyberspace has brought substantial opportunities-both legal and illegal-to its users, and many local law enforcement agencies have encountered motivated offenders taking advantage of the globally connected Internet and causing damage locally and transnationally. This study examines a high-profile case of European criminals who hacked into a Taiwanese financial institution-First Commercial Bank (FCB)-and programmed its ATMs to spit out cash netting the thieves $2.6 million US dollars in 2016 summer. Before the incident of FCB, this European criminal group committed more than a hundred similar ATMs hackings, victimizing dozens of financial institutions across several European countries, and profiting over one billion Euros. FCB is the only case revealing specific details about the modus operandi of ATM hacking thus far, in addition to disclosing reactions from law enforcement. By analyzing qualitative data collected from different branches of law enforcement involved in the investigations, this unique case study underscores the importance of national-local law enforcement collaboration in fighting transnational cybercrime. Empirical implications are particularly valuable in the law enforcement context of turf jealousies when defending homeland security.
In the two decades following the widespread use of the Internet, it has grown from a network that linked a few enthusiasts to become the essential element of modern life for millions of people [UNO 10]. In the late modern age, the world has become completely dependent on Internet access and sharing information over the Internet, while in recent years other forms of communication that join and connect people in global cyberspace' have been added. New connectivity options and changed ways of working have brought about new forms of threats, which impact the privacy and security of users when using cyberspace.
Anomaly detection is an important part of countering cybercrime, by detecting e.g., fraud or intrusions. Especially with an ever-growing amount of data (such as logs or transactions) being collected, automated analysis of these data for malicious behaviour becomes essential. In several settings, such analysis might be performed by third parties or be collaborative, to learn from more and diverse experiences by different collaborators. Thus, means to access such often confidential data in a privacy-preserving manner are required. Collaborative Learning and synthetic data are two promising approaches to fulfil this purpose.
"The Fourth Industrial Revolution has propelled global society into a new era of information and knowledge, transforming the economy and society of many countries. The global digitization process impacts more than half of the world population with internet access and the increase in the incidence of crimes in cyberspace, affecting the population mainly online fraud, crimes that attack vulnerable groups such as girls, boys and adolescents, as well as the diversity of cyberattacks with an impact on the availability, integrity and confidentiality of essential data and information systems of public, private and academic institutions. Most of these antisocial behaviors are published on the Deep Internet due to its anonymity, one of these being the TOR browser project (The Onion Router), in order to address this problem, a methodology was developed that allows the authorities in Mexico have a database that allows correlating data published on this network with the investigations they carry out derived from reports of cybercrimes to obtain lines of investigation based on the identification and classification of cybercrime, and using language engineering techniques and of knowledge as the methods of creation of ontologies of Ding, Y; Foo, S; recovery tool for large information files on websites such as wget, security measures for browsing the Deep Internet such as Whonix Gateway, Text Cleaning techniques, extraction and classification features such as Jaccard and Cosine Similarity Calculation, among other."
Introduction: Stats reveal an increasing rate of cybercrimes. Data breaches cost businesses an average of $4.35 million in 2022. This qualitative research explores the realm of cybercrime, focusing on adult perceptions and the underlying factors that might motivate engagement in online activities considered illegal or criminal. Objectives: The primary aim of the study is to explore how individuals conceptualize online crimes and rationalize their involvement in such activities, including illegal downloads and online bullying. Understanding these perceptions is crucial for addressing the broader implications of cybercrime in society. Methodology: The study gathered insights through panel discussions involving master's students from diverse international backgrounds at the University of Tehran. Thematic analysis was employed to dissect and understand the opinions and justifications offered by the participants regarding their views on cybercrime. Results: Findings from the discussions reveal a complex tapestry of attitudes towards cybercrime, encompassing various justifications and rationalizations for participation in illegal online activities. These perspectives provide a nuanced understanding of how cybercrimes are perceived by individuals. Conclusion: The research contributes significantly to our comprehension of individual attitudes towards cybercrimes. The insights gained are invaluable for the development of targeted educational programs, interventions, and legal frameworks aimed at effectively mitigating and addressing the challenges posed by cybercrime.
Although internet has emerged to bridge digital divides and improve how things are done across diverse spheres of life, its explosion has also brought unexpected threats, risks and loss of valuables over a decade. Consequently, there seems to have been plethora of cybercrime investigation models but the proliferation of these models has not substantially reduced the frequency of cyber attacks globally. Given that the recent development in cyberspace seems to follow same trends of how survivable Black Box (Flight Data Recorder) emerged, this chapter proposes a Black Box Forensic Cybercrime Investigation Model (BBFCIM). BBFCIM sets a new agenda for cybercrime investigation process by focusing on survivability and reliability of existing and would-be models rather than evolving as a distinct model of itself. It adopts soft innovative skills in the development of Black Box components to shape proactive cybercrime investigation process through sequential tests on each networking layers.
"Introduction Researchers and public authorities are increasingly exploring the potential of administrative data to generate new insights. This includes recent work leveraging the opportunities of the crime report data collected by the UK's national reporting centre Action Fraud (AF). However, the quality of these data and its implications for data users have not been systematically analysed. Objectives This paper outlines challenges and opportunities of using AF data in cybercrime and fraud victimisation research and practice and makes recommendations to improve the quality of this dataset. Methods The author has undertaken two studies using samples of AF data pertaining to crime reports within the Welsh police forces, between 2014 and 2020. Quality diagnostic checks, reflections and methodological decisions were considered across each study. These were reviewed, key themes were identified and discussed with data users and a broader group of researchers to finalise the recommendations presented. Results The strengths and limitations of AF data are discussed and grouped into themes, closely aligned with four quality dimensions widely used by statistical authorities. This includes an assessment of 1) the impact of under-reporting and 2) the purpose and rules of crime recording, on the relevance of the data to its users; 3) the accuracy and reliability of the data; 4) the consistency of recording and its impact on coherence and comparability; and 5) the accessibility and timeliness of the data. Conclusions Recommendations are made to improve AF data to generate better quality insights across the dimensions of relevance, accuracy & reliability, coherence & comparability and the accessibility & timeliness of this dataset. Additionally, a data catalogue would enable frontline officers and researchers to make the most of this dataset, harnessing it to produce key insights for crime prevention, investigation, and victim support."
This study assesses the Cybercrime Act 2015 and its implications for online press freedom in the liberal authoritarian state of Nigeria. Specifically, the study examines how the character of political leadership in Nigeria leads to wrongful application of the act to undermine the independence of the press. The study shows that Nigeria's online press freedom index has consistently worsened since the introduction of the Cybercrime Act in 2015, and it recommends the promotion of a holistic democratic project that recognises economic and political freedom as being inextricably linked.
Over the past several decades, criminological scholarship has increasingly focused on the problem of cybercrime including technology-enabled offending. Theoretical developments that account for these offences have not grown in tandem, leading to questions as to the nature of cybercriminality relative to traditional forms of offending. Recently, Goldsmith and Brewer proposed the conceptual framework of digital drift, extending elements of Matza's original theories to the virtual environment. While making a useful contribution to the theorization of cybercrime, we argue that further elements of Matza's original work also warrant consideration. In particular, we acknowledge the role of policing and the criminal justice system in affecting offender perceptions and decision-making. As such, this article extends the theorizing around digital drift to incorporate the ways that offender views are shaped in reaction to the law enforcement and industry responses to cybercrime. The implications of this extension are discussed in depth.
As computer and Internet technologies have continued to advance over the last few decades, a considerable amount of research has been dedicated to exploring online behavior. Criminologists, in particular, have been interested in examining cybercrime and online deviance. Contributing to this growing body of scholarship, the current research investigated the effects of gender on cybercrime and whether socialization can account for the gender gap in online offending. Data were collected from a sample of 522 college students and three cybercrime categories were examined: digital piracy, cyberharassment, and hacking offenses. The findings revealed that men were more likely to engage in online offending and that this gender gap was fairly persistent across the socialization variables of self-control and immersion into the cyberenvironment. Specifically, only three gender-invariant findings emerged: men and women commit statistically similar rates of digital piracy when self-control levels are low, and they also engage in similar rates of digital piracy and hacking offenses when Internet use is high. Detailed results, implications for theory and policy, study limitations, and directions for future research are discussed.
"The Internet is a decentralized structure that offers speedy communication, has a global reach and provides anonymity, a characteristic invaluable for committing illegal activities. In parallel with the spread of the Internet, cybercrime has rapidly evolved from a relatively low volume crime to a common high volume crime. A typical example of such a crime is the spreading of spam emails, where the content of the email tries to entice the recipient to click a URL linking to a malicious Web site or downloading a malicious attachment. Analysts attempting to provide intelligence on spam activities quickly find that the volume of spam circulating daily is overwhelming; therefore, any intelligence gathered is representative of only a small sample, not of the global picture. While past studies have looked at automating some of these analyses using topic-based models, i.e. separating email clusters into groups with similar topics, our preliminary research investigates the usefulness of applying authorship-based models for this purpose. In the first phase, we clustered a set of spam emails using an authorship-based clustering algorithm. In the second phase, we analysed those clusters using a set of linguistic, structural and syntactic features. These analyses reveal that emails within each cluster were likely written by the same author, but that it is unlikely we have managed to group together all spam produced by each group. This problem of high purity with low recall, has been faced in past authorship research. While it is also a limitation of our research, the clusters themselves are still useful for the purposes of automating analysis, because they reduce the work needing to be performed. Our second phase revealed useful information on the group that can be utilized in future research for further analysis of such groups, for example, identifying further linkages behind spam campaigns."
The annual cost of Cybercrime to the global economy is estimated to be around $400 billion, in support of which Exploit Kits have been providing enabling technology since 2006. This paper reviews the recent developments in Exploit Kit capability and how these are being applied in practice. In doing so it paves the way for better understanding of the exploit kits economy that may better help in combatting them and considers industry's preparedness to respond.
While we have a good understanding of how cybercrime is perpetrated and the profits of the attackers, the harm experienced by humans is less well understood, and reducing this harm should be the ultimate goal of any security intervention. This paper presents a strategy for quantifying the harm caused by the cybercrime of typosquatting via the novel technique of intent inference. Intent inference allows us to define a new metric for quantifying harm to users, develop a new methodology for identifying typosquatting domain names, and quantify the harm caused by various typosquatting perpetrators. We find that typosquatting costs the typical user 1.3 seconds per typosquatting event over the alternative of receiving a browser error page, and legitimate sites lose approximately 5% of their mistyped traffic over the alternative of an unregistered typo. Although on average perpetrators increase the time it takes a user to find their intended site, many typosquatters actually improve the latency between a typo and its correction, calling into question the necessity of harsh penalties or legal intervention against this flavor of cybercrime.
The present article aimed to explore if susceptibility to cybercrime can be linked to information security awareness and personality factors. A total of 1,054 participants aged between 18 and 84 years took part in an online survey consisting of a recently developed segmentation analysis tool designed to explore an individual's susceptibility to cybercrime. Alongside this, two other scales measuring information security awareness and the personality trait of impulsivity were also included. In total, 60% of the population surveyed presented as being in the higher risk categories for susceptibility to cybercrime. Furthermore, individuals in the higher risk categories for susceptibility to cybercrime also presented poorer information security awareness, as well as having higher levels of trait impulsivity. It was also noted that certain demographic factors also linked to susceptibility to cybercrime, including age and current employment status, with the unemployed and student populations being less well represented in lower risk categories. This work is seen as being critical while designing effective intervention strategies that are designed to target specific at-risk populations, as well as presenting a key tool that could be widely used by organizations to examine risk within their own specific populations.
The aim of the paper is to interdisciplinary approach of economics, criminology, globalization to characterize current problems of crime with cybernetic subtext in the global dimension. This is a constantly discussed subject, both in professional circles and the public, as the professionalisation and internationalization of cyber criminals is a daily security threat to all the macroeconomic and microeconomic subjects of the world economy. Cyberspace is not restricted by the natural boundaries of states or continents, so the pfenomen of cybercrime in the current type of society has become a global problem. The starting point of the economic aspects of cyber crime is the analysis of the rational cyber criminal behavior model. It is decided on the basis of the expected costs and benefits of its activity, expressed in units of cash equivalent. The decision-making problem of cybercriminals is an optimization task with regard to its costs. Another discussed issue is the methods of combating cyber crime and a detailed analysis of the method of increased intensity of combat. It is based on reducing the number of cybercrime committed using the mechanism of increasing the cost of criminals. Criminals are forced out of the market for a commercial variant of the crime, and the rest will at least reduce their production. On the contrary, for a specific version of the community variant of crime, this method leads to increased crime. The last topic is the interaction of network effect software makers, consumers and software pirates.
In response to cross-border cybercrime, investigative organs have adopted cross-border criminal forensic measures such as online public extraction, remote electronic data inspection and real-time monitoring, which may violate the principles of data sovereignty and judicial assistance. While promoting the establishment of a cross-border cooperation mechanism, China should establish a new cross-border electronic evidence criminal forensics model by promoting the procedural justification of cross-border search and monitoring measures. To better regulate cross-border criminal forensics activities, it is necessary to improve the cross-border cybercrime procuratorial organs system to intervene in advance and guide investigations.
With the increase in the number of computer crimes, law enforcement agencies in the field of digital forensics are expected to investigate more cases than before. Due to the complexity of digital forensic tasks, various investigation models have been developed to provide different points of view in abstract processes, specific activities, or practical tools. However, the integration of these points of view is rarely discussed. Hence, this study proposes a four-phase open-source fusion framework to address these issues. Furthermore, this work also evaluates the state-of-the-art open-source forensic tools and suggests the appropriate ones that are efficient in the investigation in each corresponding phase. The toolkits are considered in the context of digital evidence analytics, and help LEAs reconstruct the cybercrime scenario.
The study of topological indices for fuzzy graphs is beneficial for fuzzy multi-criteria decision-making problems and various connected fuzzy networks. In this paper, we discuss two fuzzy topological indices, namely fuzzy Randic index and fuzzy harmonic index. We establish several upper bounds for these fuzzy indices. We also present the lower bounds of these indices for different fuzzy products, i.e., Cartesian product, cross product and lexicographic product. These results and bounds are established in terms of parameters, like number of nodes, edges, minimum and maximum vertex and edge membership, etc. We also present an algorithm to determine Randic index of vertices of fuzzy graph. Finally, we implement our model of fuzzy Randic index in cybercrime problem for detection of more active criminal who is involved in many crimes with other criminals.
We outline in this article a study of 'adversarial scraping' for academic research, which involves the collection of data from websites that implement defences against traditional web scraping tools. Although this is primarily a research methods article, it also constitutes a valuable systematic accounting of the different defensive techniques used by the administrators of illicit online services. Some of these administrators intentionally implement functionality which attempts to prevent web scrapers from gathering data from their site, and some will unintentionally design their sites in ways that make data gathering harder. This is of particular importance for criminological research, where websites such as cryptomarkets and underground forums are publicly available (and hence there is an ethical case for data collection), but the illicit activity involved means that the administrators of these services limit scraping. We classify different anti-crawling techniques taken by websites and outline our developed countermeasures. Based on this, we evaluate which of these methods do and do not succeed at preventing data gathering from a website, as well as those which impact the scraper but do not necessarily prevent the data from being obtained. We find that there are some defences that, if used together, might thwart scraping. There are also a series of defences that are successful at slowing down scrapers, making historical scraping more difficult. On the other hand, we show that many defences are easy to work around and do not impact scraping.
Cybercrime commonly known as yahoo in Nigeria, and some parts of Africa, is one of the most formidable financial and security problems confronting Nigeria and the world today. The problem has become so significant that international organisations-including the United Nations- and developed countries are investing millions of Dollars and researching into understanding its manifestations and dynamics. Of particular concern is that cybercrime is very dynamic. And in places like Nigeria, it has moved from yahoo yahoo to yahoo plus indicating a high level of advancement in criminal activities law enforcement agencies and victims are yet to comprehend. While many previous researches have done much on cybercrime, our data suggest there is a need for more research as cybercrime continues to transform and this transformative innovation have largely made it difficult for significant success to be made in curbing the crime. Although much has been written on cybercrime, more needed to be known about yahoo plus especially the roles of the meaning, characterization and strategies. The empirical bases of this article are in-depth interviews with 15 yahoo boys and 30 community members in Nigeria-Africa's most populous country and one of the poorest countries in the world.
In this paper we have conducted a comprehensive measurement and analysis on the Dream market, an anonymous online market that uses cryptocurrency as transaction currency. We first collect data between October 30th 2018 and March 1st 2019. Then we use decision tree-based approach to classify goods. Following we analyze the category of goods sold in the market, the shipping place of vendors. By analyzing more than 1,970,303 items, we find the goods sold in Dream Market are mainly drugs and digital goods. We estimate the total sales of all vendors, and find that an average monthly income is $14 million during the measurement period, which means that the market commission income is more than $560,000 per month. Based on these data, we use transaction cost theory to analyze the transaction attributes of illegal transactions, which shows that anonymous online market can reduce transaction cost of illegal transactions. We finally discuss the results analyzed and the intervention policy, as well as recent DDoS attacks and future trends of illegal transactions in anonymous online market.
The ever expanding digital space and government initiatives like Digital India have increased connectivity, digitization, remote employment which empowered us with technology and made our lifestyle easy and fast but as digitization is enhancing, cyberattacks are proportionally growing. In the initial stage of this study, it was observed from the data analysis and it was evident that women are particularly a soft target of many cybercriminals and cyber fraudsters. Women feel insecure in cyberspace, hence there is a need to dive deeper into our understanding and statistics of cybercrimes against women in India. It becomes necessary to determine the factors that have led to the clear surge of such crimes in recent years. In recent studies no such analysis is done focusing on geographical factors and top most cybercrime types committed against women. Therefore, in this article, prediction for cybercrime trends against women was performed using statistical tools and techniques to provide a better insight into the current scenario revolving around cybercrimes and women. A regressive statistical analysis of cybercrime data of all states of India to understand the current trend of cybercrimes, identification of the most vulnerable states of India and specific cybercrime with their percentage in whole, also where cybercrime afflicted women stand in those numbers. Further, for preventive measures a robust guidelines is proposed to combat cybercrimes for a better future.
"Despite growing indications and fears about the impact of cybercrime, only few academic studies have so far been published on the topic to complement those published by consultancy firms, cybersecurity companies and private institutes. The review of all these studies shows that there is no consensus on how to define and measure cybercrime or its impact. Against this background, this article pursues two aims: 1) to develop a thorough conceptual framework to define and operationalize cybercrime affecting businesses as well as its impact, harms, and costs; and 2) to test this conceptual framework with a survey of businesses based in Belgium, which was administered in summer 2016 and elicited 310 valid responses. Consisting of five types, our conceptualization of cybercrime is, unlike others, technology-neutral and fully compatible with the legislation. Drawing on Greenfield and Paoli's Harm Assessment Framework (The British Journal of Criminology, 53, 864-885, 2013), we understand impact as the overall harm of cybercrime, that is, the sum of the harms to material support, or costs, and the harms to other interest dimensions i.e., functional (or operational) integrity, reputation and privacy. Whereas we ask respondents to provide a monetary estimate of the costs, respondents are invited to rate the severity of the harms on the basis of an ordinal scale. We claim that this double track gives a fuller, more valid assessment of cybercrime impact. Whereas most affected businesses do not report major costs or harm, 15% to 20% of them rate the harms to their internal operational activities as serious or more, with cyber extortion regarded as most harmful."
The COVID-19 outbreak and the far-reaching lockdown measures are having direct and indirect effects on complex social domains, including opportunities for crime offline and online. This paper presents preliminary analyses about the short-term effect of COVID-19 and lockdown measures on cyber-dependent crime and online fraud in the UK. Time series analyses from data about crimes known to police between May 2019 and May 2020 are used to explore the extent to which cybercrime has been affected by the COVID-19 outbreak. More specifically, we examine whether cybercrime has suffered an increase during the months with the strictest lockdown restrictions, as an effect of the displacement of crime opportunities from physical to online environments. Results indicate that reports of cybercrime have increased during the COVID-19 outbreak, and these were remarkably large during the two months with the strictest lockdown policies and measures. In particular, the number of frauds associated with online shopping and auctions, and the hacking of social media and email, which are the two most common cybercrime categories in the UK, have seen the largest increases in the number of incidents. The increase in cyber-dependent crimes has mainly been experienced by individual victims rather than organisations.
The expansion of the access to the Internet around the world has changed society as we know it. Having access to an unlimited source of information has changed the lives of individuals and communities. Even so, this new-found connectivity has created new risks. The Internet has enabled criminals to target data around the world and has put in reach critical infrastructure. Data breaches in companies affect millions threatening the privacy of people. Companies are exposed to big economic losses if they fail to protect their data. And in the military arena nations are preparing for cyberwar. From a defensive point of view is critical to predict and prepare systems against attacks. To help, this study analyses correlations between socio-economic factors and attacks. We want to confirm if there is a link that can help drawing patterns on attacks. To do that we will categorise cyber incidents and run a statistical correlation on them. Correlation does not imply causality but it helps further research on the causes of cybercrime.
The unprecedented changes in routine activities brought about by COVID-19 and the associated lockdown measures contributed to a reduction in opportunities for predatory crimes in outdoor physical spaces, while people spent more time connected to the internet, and opportunities for cybercrime and fraud increased. This article applies time-series analysis to historical data on cybercrime and fraud reported to Action Fraud in the United Kingdom to examine whether any potential increases are beyond normal crime variability. Furthermore, the discrepancies between fraud types and individual and organizational victims are also analyzed. The results show that while both total cybercrime and total fraud increased beyond predicted levels, the changes in victimization were not homogeneous across fraud types and victims. The implications of these findings on how changes in routine activities during COVID-19 have influenced cybercrime and fraud opportunities are discussed in relation to policy, practice, and academic debate.
"Machine Learning and Deep Learning methods are widely adopted across financial domains to support trading activities, mobile banking, payments, and making customer credit decisions. These methods also play a vital role in combating financial crime, fraud, and cyberattacks. Financial crime is increasingly being committed over cyberspace, and cybercriminals are using a combination of hacking and social engineering techniques which are bypassing current financial and corporate institution security. With this comes a new umbrella term to capture the evolving landscape which is financial cybercrime. It is a combination of financial crime, hacking, and social engineering committed over cyberspace for the sole purpose of illegal economic gain. Identifying financial cybercrime-related activities is a hard problem, for example, a highly restrictive algorithm may block all suspicious activity obstructing genuine customer business. Navigating and identifying legitimate illicit transactions is not the only issue faced by financial institutions, there is a growing demand of transparency, fairness, and privacy from customers and regulators, which imposes unique constraints on the application of artificial intelligence methods to detect fraud-related activities. Traditionally, rule based systems and shallow anomaly detection methods have been applied to detect financial crime and fraud, but recent developments have seen graph based techniques and neural network models being used to tackle financial cybercrime. There is still a lack of a holistic understanding of the financial cybercrime ecosystem, relevant methods, and their drawbacks and new emerging open problems in this domain in spite of their popularity. In this survey, we aim to bridge the gap by studying the financial cybercrime ecosystem based on four axes: (a) different fraud methods adopted by criminals; (b) relevant systems, algorithms, drawbacks, constraints, and metrics used to combat each fraud type; (c) the relevant personas and stakeholders involved; (d) open and emerging problems in the financial cybercrime domain."
Developing countries like Iraq have embraced digitalization and technology without proper legal measurement and implementation concerning the adverse outcomes, which has entangled Iraq in a crucial stage to take immediate actions against the negative aspect, i.e., cybercrimes. To address the current status of this issue, the study has investigated the legislative and administrative laws of cybersecurity to explore its limitations and provide suggestions for effective governance. This study has collected data qualitatively from the legislative experts of Iraq. The data was analyzed through NVIVO software, and transcription and thematic analysis were run. The analysis divided the data into four themes of different concepts. The findings have concluded several limitations prevailing and existing in the current laws. The theoretical and practical implications of the study have been discussed in the study.
For the last twenty years, there has been an increase in literature on cybercnnie due to growing awareness of its impact and economic cost. This literature is filled with debate by authors over the correlation between what has been dubbed cybercrime and 'terrestrial crime'. Some have claimed that although cybercrime may be a new and distinctive form of crime in principal it remains essentially like traditional crime. This argument suggests that traditional offenders have merely adjusted their tactics to utilize the advantages that cyberspace offers. However, other scholars argue that the uniqueness of the cyber environment creates key differences between cybercrimes and traditional crimes. These discrepancies can affect the applicability of general criminological theories previously used to explain terrestrial crimes. This research aims to identify the theoretical concerns surrounding the applicability of the Routine Activity Theory (RAT) of crime in cyberspace, highlighting the practical issues related to such application. Prior to this, the present study seeks to define cybercrime, as well as provide a comprehensive description of RAT, emphasizing on the correlation between these two concepts.
Crime research has repeatedly shown that small proportions of offenders are responsible for large proportions of crimes. While there is a substantial body of evidence for this 'offending concentration' in connection to traditional offline crime, there is limited research assessing the concentration of offending for cybercrime. This research analyzes victim reports of Bitcoin-related cybercrimes (blackmail, ransomware, sextortion, darknet market fraud, Bitcoin tumbler fraud) to illuminate the extent of cybercrime offending concentration and to identify groups of offenders involved in online crime. Our results indicate that a large proportion of cybercrimes are associated with a small number of very active Bitcoin addresses. However, Bitcoin addresses associated to high numbers of reports are not necessarily those that generate the largest financial benefits.
The central question of this article is whether routine activity theory (RAT) can be used as an analytical framework to study cybercrimes. Both a theoretical analysis and an analysis of empirical studies have thus far failed to provide a clear answer. The multivariate analysis presented in this article tries to avoid some of the limitations of other RAT-based studies. Based on a large sample (N = 9,161), the effects of value, visibility, accessibility, and guardianship on victimization of six cybercrimes have been studied. Analysis shows some RAT elements are more applicable than others. Visibility clearly plays a role within cybercrime victimization. Accessibility and personal capable guardianship show varying results. Value and technical capable guardianship show almost no effects on cybercrime victimization.
Despite the advancement of cloud storage and the benefits it brings to computer users, it cannot be denied that cloud storage is still subject to misuse by malicious users and cyber criminals. This includes the cases where criminals use cloud storage for storing and exchanging illegal material and for committing botnet attacks. In addition, the increase in the number of cybercrimes against cloud services challenges the forensic process of locating and collecting cybercrime evidence in cloud storage. Although a number of researches are proposed to address cloud storage security, several studies and surveys reported that security in cloud computing still pose several concerns and challenges to the researchers. Loss of control over the data stored in cloud storage is one of the security challenges in that cloud. Moreover, location of stored data in the cloud and the multi tenancy of customers on cloud servers are all representing security concerns. At the same time, current cloud storage technology creates challenges for digital forensic practitioners in presenting and interpreting meaning to the obtained evidence to investigators, lawyers, and, ultimately, to the jury. This paper reviews the existing works in locating and collecting cybercrime evidence in cloud storage and provides an in-depth discussion of their limitations.
The study of topological indices for fuzzy graphs is beneficial for fuzzy multi-criteria decision-making problems and various connected fuzzy networks. In this paper, we discuss two fuzzy topological indices, namely fuzzy Randic index and fuzzy harmonic index. We establish several upper bounds for these fuzzy indices. We also present the lower bounds of these indices for different fuzzy products, i.e., Cartesian product, cross product and lexicographic product. These results and bounds are established in terms of parameters, like number of nodes, edges, minimum and maximum vertex and edge membership, etc. We also present an algorithm to determine Randic index of vertices of fuzzy graph. Finally, we implement our model of fuzzy Randic index in cybercrime problem for detection of more active criminal who is involved in many crimes with other criminals.
Cybercrime is recognized as one of the top threats to UK economic security. On a daily basis, the computer networks of businesses suffer security breaches. A less explored dimension of this problem is cybercrimes committed by insiders. This paper provides a criminological analysis of corporate insider victimization. It begins by presenting reviews of insider criminal threats and routine activities theory as applied to cybercrime. Analysis of the nationally representative Cardiff University UK Business Cybercrime Survey then informs statistical models that predict the likelihood of businesses suffering insider cyber victimization, using routine activities and guardianship measures as predictors.
The extant literature has demonstrated that there is a need for more empirical research on the subject of policing cybercrime. This article makes a contribution and offers a qualitative exploration of the problem of policing cybercrime from an international perspective. It structures the analysis around three main challenges: the knowledge, forensic, and legal challenges. A literature review supports the evidence that these issues are core challenges when policing cybercrime. Through 13 semi-structured interviews with cybercrime specialists from 8 countries, these three challenges are further investigated. A thematic analysis of the interviews, whilst confirming some of the previous literature findings, also outlines novel findings. Interview analysis shows that in some areas little recent progress has been made, in particular the recording of cybercrime. However, in other areas new creative solutions have been implemented, including filling the policing skills gap with civilian specialists. The article concludes by offering recommendations for addressing some of the challenges for policing cybercrime.
This article aims to forecast the information trends related to the most popular cyberattacks, seen as the cyber-crimes' consequences reflecting on the Internet. The study database was formed based on online users' search engine requests regarding the terms Cyberattacks on the computer systems of a financial institution, Cyberattacks on the network infrastructure of a financial institution, and Cyberattacks on the cloud infra-structure of a financial institution, obtained with Google Trends for the period from 16 April 2017 to 4 October 2022. The authors examined the data using the Z-score, the QS test, and the method of differences of average levels. The data were found to be non-stationary with outliers and a seasonal component, so exponential smoothing was applied to reduce fluctuations and clarify the trends. As a result, the authors built additive and multiplicative cyclical and trend-cyclical models with linear, exponential, and damped trends. According to the models' quality evaluation, the best results were shown by the trend-cyclic additive models with an exponential trend for predicting cyberattacks on computer systems and the cloud infrastructure and a trend-cyclic additive model with a damped tendency for predicting cyberattacks on the network infrastructure. The obtained results indicate that the U.S. can expect cybercrimes in the country's financial system in the short and medium term and develop appropriate countermeasures of a financial institution to reduce potential financial losses.
Cybercrime presents a myriad of challenges for law enforcement agencies, including the complexity and global nature of criminal activities, the difficulties in tracing activities within cyberspace, and the perpetual evolution of these unlawful practices. This article employs the conceptual framework of historical and discursive institutionalism to investigate the hurdles faced by the police in governing cybercrime in Spain. The study emphasizes the importance of situating law enforcement within the cybersecurity governance system to comprehend their challenges and adaptations. By analyzing 36 key documents, it argues that cybersecurity policies' origins and evolution were rooted in narratives focused on information protection and enhancing society's trust in digital technologies, narratives distinct from the discourse centered on cybercrime. The Spanish case study enriches the literature on cybersecurity governance by examining how historical evolution and narratives impact the roles of actors involved in the governance system.
With the development of information technology and Internet, the criminal model has been changed. The Internet has become an instrument of crime as a new type of criminal means, which is called cybercrime. Since the implementation methods are different between cybercrime and traditional crime, the crime evidences will also different. And the court judgments will be affected by the evidences, the results of judgment will also be different. Furthermore, the litigation proceedings used in the cybercrime and traditional crime are slightly different. It will affect the results of court judgment whether it is guilt or innocence. In this paper, we describe the common cybercrimes and the results of actual court judgement in Taiwan, collate the common evidence types of cybercrime, propose a cybercrime selection method used for court judgements to collect the judgements, analyze the statistics results, and compare the litigation processes between the traditional crime and cybercrime. According to the above results, we wish the judges process the cybercrime cases will be more careful to avoid misjudgements. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
While crimes and cybercrimes have huge impact on both individuals and societies, we argue that the functional effect of cybercrime fear can play a significant role on adhering to the organizational security policy. The purpose of this paper is to set the stage for examining the influence of cybercrime fear on the employees' adherence to information security policies. Based on the fear of crime literature and the theory of planned behavior, we propose a model that integrates the fear of crime dimension from psychology and crime literature, with the adherence to information security policies.
This article offers a socio-technical framework for better understanding youthful attraction to, and engagement in, online transgressions and delinquencies. Specifically, it takes the concept of 'seduction' from the work of Katz, as well as 'affordance theory' and insights from software and human-computer interaction studies, to analyse the affordances of the Internet that tempt and invite youthful transgressions such as digital piracy, viewing illegal pornography and hacking. We argue that Internet affordances not only enable transgressions to occur but can also precipitate them. The implications for youth crime policy are briefly addressed. Policy needs to reckon with the power of these factors in adolescent lives and thus minimize reliance on punitive responses. The article also contributes to the development of the concept of digital drift, by showing how Internet features and affordances foster drift into cyber delinquency.
"Significant cybersecurity and threat intelligence analysts agree that online criminal activity is increasing exponentially. To offer an overview of the techniques and indicators to perform cyber crime detection by means of more complex machine-and deep-learning investigations as well as similar threat intelligence and engineering activities over multiple analysis levels (i.e., surface, deep, and darknets), we systematically analyze state of the art in such techniques. First, to aid the engineering and management of such intelligence solutions. We provide (i) a taxonomy of existing methods mapped to (ii) an overview of detectable criminal activities as well as (iii) an overview of the indicators and risk parameters that can be used for such detection. Second, to find the major engineering and management challenges and variables to be addressed. We apply a Topic Modelling Analysis to identify and analyze the most relevant threat concepts both in Surface and in Deep-, Dark-Web. Third, we identify gaps and challenges, defining a roadmap. Practitioners value and conclusions. The analysis mentioned above effectively provided a photograph of the scientific and practice gaps among the Surface Web and the Deep-, Dark-Web cybercrime and threat engineering and management. More specifically, our systematic literature review shows: (i) the dimensions of risk assessment techniques today available for the aforementioned areas-addressing these is vital for Law-enforcement agencies to combat cybercrime and cyber threats effectively; (ii) what website features should be used in order to identify a cyber threat or attack researchers and non-governmental organizations in support of Law Enforcement Agencies (LEAs) should cover these features with appropriate technologies to aid in the investigative processes; (iii) what (limited) degree of anonymity is possible when crawling in Deep-, Dark Web-researchers should strive to fill this gap with more and more advanced degrees of anonymity to grant protection to LEAs during their investigations.& nbsp; (c) 2021 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC BY license ( http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ )"
The COVID-19 pandemic poses an unprecedented global challenge to the whole society. Previously, most of the physical activities were not conducted online and were not exposed to cybercrime. Thus, it necessitates paying attention to this emerging phenomenon and devising strategies for a safe online environment for all stakeholders. The current study presents a historical overview of cybercrime and the cybersecurity system and highlights cybercrimes' legal importance globally and cybercrime regulations during the Covid-19 times, specifically in the Indonesian context. Using a normative juridical approach, this study collected secondary data from various books, journals, regulatory guidelines, institutional reports, research, and the Internet. Additionally, a systematic literature search methodology was used to collect relevant secondary data from the most popular database, i.e., Scopus. Results revealed that although many nations are actively working to control cybercrimes, the issue persists, and many new cyber threats, i.e., scams and phishing, emerged during the Covid-19 pandemic. In such situations, along with the existence of a promising cybersecurity system, cybercitizens should always consider hygienic cyber tips to avoid being victims of cyber coronavirus crimes. Finally, after presenting an overview of the current state of cybercrime legislation on COVID-19, key policy recommendations for developed and developing countries are given, along with future research directions.
Governments need reliable data on crime in order to both devise adequate policies, and allocate the correct revenues so that the measures are cost-effective, i.e., the money spent in prevention, detection, and handling of security incidents is balanced with a decrease in losses from offenses. The availability of multiple contrasting figures on cyber-attacks checks the accurate assessment of the cost-effectiveness of current and future policies for cyber space. What factors contribute to the costing equation is not clearly understood with wide variation in methodologies used. The most relevant literature in this field is reviewed and analysed against quantitative insights provided by the CyberROAD survey to stakeholders. Research gaps are highlighted to determine the issues that need addressing to provide a solid ground for future legislative and regulatory actions at national and international levels.
The current research explored the predictors of how police officers perceived the importance of combatting cybercrime. This is an era in which industrial security is threatened by perpetrators who use advanced techniques to steal information online. Understanding how law enforcement officers view the control of cybercrimes, especially those that steal confidential business information, can inform industrial espionage prevention and help maintain a nation's industrial competitiveness in the world market. We surveyed a convenience sample of South Korean police officers attending training at the Police Human Resources Development Institute (PHRDI) using a paper-and-pencil questionnaire. The results indicated that the officers' perceptions of colleagues' and organizational views on cybercrime control significantly impacted their attitudes. Additionally, officers' perceptions of the seriousness of online theft (in this paper, we use the terms online theft and property cybercrime interchangeably) and their computer proficiency were also found to affect their views on the importance of combatting cybercrimes. We conclude by suggesting that the police take a proactive organizational approach to prevent and respond to online property crimes through education and public awareness programs, which could positively impact the prevention of industrial espionage.
"Criminal pro,ling is a useful technique to identify the most plausible suspects based on the evidence discovered at the crime scene. Similar to offline criminal pro,ling, in-depth pro,ling for cybercrime investigation is useful in analysing cyberattacks and for speculating on the identities of the criminals. Every cybercrime committed by the same hacker or hacking group has unique traits such as attack purpose, attack methods, and target. These unique traits are revealed in the evidence of cybercrime; in some cases, these unique traits are well hidden in the evidence such that it cannot be easily perceived. Therefore, a complete analysis of several factors concerning cybercrime can provide an investigator with concrete evidence to attribute the attacks and narrow down the scope of the criminal data and grasp the criminals in the end. We herein propose a decision support methodology based on the case-based reasoning (CBR) for cybercrime investigation. This study focuses on the massive data-driven analysis of website defacement. Our primary aim in this study is to demonstrate the practicality of the proposed methodology as a proof of concept. The assessment of website defacement was performed through the similarity measure and the clustering processing in the reasoning engine based on the CBR. Our results show that the proposed methodology that focuses on the investigation enables a better understanding and interpretation of website defacement and assists in inferring the hacker's behavioural traits from the available evidence concerning website defacement. The results of the case studies demonstrate that our proposed methodology is beneficial for understanding the behaviour and motivation of the hacker and that our proposed data-driven analytic methodology can be utilized as a decision support system for cybercrime investigation."
It is a well-known fact that the system is as secure as its weakest point. Often, organizations and countries invest in the technologies, forgetting that it is impossible to assure information security without raising awareness among users. Therefore, in this study, the cybercrime awareness rate of users in two Central Asian Countries was investigated. As a target group, students of two public universities from each country were chosen. Results of quantitative research showed that in Kazakhstan, gender and age of respondents affect the cybercrime awareness rate, while in Kyrgyzstan, none of the factors had an impact on this rate. Although there was a statistically significant difference in cybercrime awareness of users in terms of the country of residence, students in two Central Asian countries showed a little difference in information security knowledge, which is, in its own term, mostly depends on the computer literacy rate of students.
Discussions on underground forums provide valuable insights to hackers' practices, interests and motivations. Although Internet of Things (IoT) vulnerabilities have been extensively explored, the question remains how members of hacker communities perceive the IoT landscape. In this work, we present an analysis of IoT related discussions that are potentially cybercriminal in nature. In particular, we analyse forum threads that discuss the search engine Shodan. The source of these posts is the CrimeBB dataset provided by the Cambridge Cybercrime Centre (CCC)(1). We analyse 1051 thread discussions from 19 forums between 2009 and 2020. The overall aim of our work is to explore the main use cases of Shodan and highlight hackers' targets and motivations. We find that Shodan is versatile and is actively used by hackers as a tool for passive information gathering providing easier access to hackable targets. Our results suggest that Shodan plays a prominent role in various specific use cases including remote control of target devices, building botnets, Distributed Denial of Service attacks and identifying open databases.
Cybercrime has exponentially increased in recent years as an unavoidable byproduct of greater internet use, generally, and presents a wide range of criminal threats to large companies and individuals alike. While cyber offenses (e.g., cyberharassment, cyberstalking, identity theft, and intellectual property theft) and their address have been examined across diverse academic disciplines including criminology, electrical engineering, sociology, and computer science, minimal consideration has been given to the role of e-government in combating cybercrime - a somewhat ironic oversight given the computerized context of both. After reviewing the nature of cybercrime, this chapter considers e-government policies addressing cybercrime awareness, prevention, and victimization services. Discussion centers on the prospects for cybercrime theoretical research program development toward best practices public policy.
In recent times, cloud computing has become one of essential computing paradigms. Several companies and organizations that aim of using a cloud computing technology worry about the migration of their work to the cloud computing. This is due to the data security issues where cybercrimes are representing a real problem for them because of the huge damage that can cause. This lead researchers and scientists to thinking about provide new procedures and strategies to fight and trace criminals and attackers. Besides investigating crimes related to the cloud environment in forensically sound manner, the process of performing cybercrime investigation in the cloud environment is known as cloud forensics. This process is facing complex challenges due to the dynamic nature of cloud computing. In this paper, a cloud forensic strategy is proposed for assisting digital investigators and experts for investigation of cybercrimes in effective and efficient manner. The proposed strategy is based on cloud computing platform that providing enormous processing and storage capabilities. This strategy can be as guided to the digital investigators and practitioners to follow it in performing of investigation of cybercrimes.
In recent times, the topic of content-based cybercrime has gained significant attention. It is the requirement of today's era for social media companies to meet the challenges faced in differentiating the oppressive content in both a precise and proficient manner, thereby securing their clients. This article proposes a novel cuckoo inspired stacking ensemble framework that is the integration of Cuckoo Search and several machine learning models. The proposed framework automatically seeks for near-optimal combinations of classification techniques along with their tuning parameters for efficiently solving the problem of content-based cybercrime detection. Four datasets obtained from Formspring, ASKfm, and Twitter are used for testing purposes. The experimental results showcased significant improvement in the performance of classification on all the datasets in comparison to state-of-art classification models. The success rate of the proposed model with the excellent recall is 0.984 via 10-fold cross-validation demonstrates its high efficiency and effectiveness.
"Purpose Cybercrime is the greatest threat facing law enforcement agencies in England and Wales. Although these crimes are transnational by nature, the burden of response has been placed on line officers. Not all officers, however, believe they are capable of responding to calls involving cybercrime. The current study, using latent class analysis (LCA) on a large sample of English and Welsh officers, finds two types of officers: those prepared (39 percent) and those unprepared (61 percent). Using logistic regression to predict who falls into either classification, the authors find that training and age are the best predictors of latent membership. Implications for policy and future research are discussed. The paper aims to discuss these issues. Design/methodology/approach In this study, the authors used LCA to determine the number and character of unobserved categories of officers in how they deal with cybercrime. Findings The LCA indicated there are two distinct categories of police in the English and Welsh constabulary: those prepared (39 percent) and those unprepared (61 percent). Training and age were the two key determinants of this classification. Research limitations/implications - LCA is an exploratory analysis technique that requires additional validation to confirm the findings of any one study. Practical implications - The salience of training in helping officers feel prepared to deal with cybercrime cases as well as victims was demonstrated. A full 60 percent of the officers in this study fell in the unprepared category, which continues to highlight the limitations of local police to handle cybercrime cases; nevertheless, almost 40 percent of officer could be considered ready when responding to cybercrimes. Social implications - As the harm cybercrime brings to our financial and social well-being, law enforcement agencies will be required to improve their response capabilities. Most current cybercrime responses address technical issues related to online fraud and abuse, but officers often perceive the problem as outside their legal and geographic jurisdiction. Knowing how officers perceive cybercrime as well as their own capabilities will allow us to begin changing enforcement policies, training capacity and individual response efficacy. Originality/value This study involved a sample of English and Welsh constables and sergeants to classify their cybercrime readiness. The analysis and particular data are unique to the study of cybercrime."
The wide acceptance of social networking sites motivates students to use it for entertainment, finding and chatting with friends, sharing photos and videos, post happenings and events in real-time. Presently, millions of students connect to social networking site every day. This makes the criminal elements in the society trick the students by using their information available on the social networking sites to commit crime against them. This research investigated the types of crimes that are committed to students on social networking sites. Also, the researchers investigated the ways and techniques used by these criminals to commit crime against the students. At the same time, the research also investigated the various ways and techniques the students can use to detect, prevent and also to mitigate the impact of such crimes against them. Literature review showed that mostly kidnapping, sexual harassment, bullying, credit card fraud and threatening crimes that are committed to students on social networking sites can be avoided. The various ways and techniques used by the criminal to commit crimes against the students such as identity theft, phishing, spam etc. were also identified. Similarly, the various techniques like parental controls used in Facebook, TheOneSpy monitoring app used in Whatsapp that are used to protect the students were discussed. At the same time, computer forensic data analysis techniques used to detect crime against the students was analyzed. The researchers hope that this paper would be a guideline to students, parents and teachers in protecting the students against the menace of social networking sites.
Cybercrime is a pressing concern for governments and businesses around the globe, but little is known about what policy interventions work to prevent and mitigate threats to organizations. Thus, empirical studies on cybercrime prevention policies and tools are needed to understand their effectiveness and to improve implementation and evaluation. This article analyzes whether two UK government schemes aimed at encouraging and helping businesses to adopt cybersecurity controls and policies ('Cyber Es-sentials' and '10 Steps to Cyber Security') are associated with safer organizational behavior and whether adopting the recommended measures is related to lower levels of cybercrime victimization and its im-pacts. Bayesian model averaging is employed on a representative sample of 5,872 businesses from four rounds (2018-2021) of the UK Government's Cyber Security Breaches Survey. The results show that awareness of the Government schemes is associated with more cyber secure practices, but we do not find evidence of lower likelihood of victimization or negative consequences for companies that implement the recommended measures. Findings are discussed in relation to policy, practice and future research.(c) 2023 The Author. Published by Elsevier Ltd.This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/)
Cybercrime research suggests that, analogous to traditional crime, victims are more likely to be offenders. This overlap could be caused by shared risk factors, but it is unclear if these are comparable to traditional risk factors. Utilizing a high risk sample of computer-dependent cyber-offenders and traditional offenders (N = 535) we compare victimization, offending, and victimization-offending between cybercrime and traditional crime. Cybercrime results show a considerable victim-offender overlap and correlates like low self-control and routine activities partly explain differences in victimization, offending, and victimization-offending. Some cybercrime correlates are related to the digital context, but show similar patterns for cybercrime and traditional crime.
"This article analyses the emergence of a European Union policy on cybercrime from the perspective of comparative federalism. To this end, it draws on insights from federal polities to explain how policy-makers in the United States, Switzerland and the European Union have responded to the challenge posed by criminality on the internet and the impact of different federal structures on policy outcomes. Two claims are put forward: first, we expect to find similarities with regard to interactions among the different levels of government in all three units of analysis; second, we argue that differences in the capabilities of the centre help to account for the variance in policy outcomes. The main conclusion drawn is that although outcomes may vary in some notable respects, the dynamics of policy-making exhibit similarities that make comparison of the European Union with other federal polities particularly revealing."
Wildlife trafficking is driving many species to extinction and is overwhelming law enforcement efforts to stop it. At least a 2-fold increase in the number of traffickers who are put out of business is needed to help avoid these extinctions. A cybersecurity-based solution described in this article consists of a large international confederation of criminal investigators collecting intelligence on persons involved in wildlife trafficking, analyzing it, and then recommending to law enforcement (a) cybercriminals to detain, (b) cybercriminals to surveil, and (c) where and when to intercept cybercriminal-initiated wire transfers and shipments of wildlife products. Wildlife traffickers nowadays often use the internet to commit their cybercrimes. Prosecuting such crimes is challenging. Indeed, one of the top five challenges in cybersecurity is to develop methods for pursuing cybercriminals and bringing them to justice through the acquisition of digital evidence that links specific individuals to specific illegal acts. The proposed confederation finds two lists of wildlife cybercriminals to remove. The first is found by computing centrality measures on the statistically estimated (reconstructed) current social network of wildlife cybercriminals to identify those criminals whose removal would, according to social network theory, maximally disrupt the syndicate's operations. This list contains criminals identified as kingpins, and/or information brokers. The second list consists of those m criminals whose removal results in the largest simulator-computed drop in poaching of the trafficked species over the next year. Database access control is a form of information security (InfoSec), or data security-a chief component of cybersecurity. Here, a distributed form of information security is developed for keeping a confederation's criminal intelligence database secure from unauthorized access and insider threats. This procedure uses only peer-to-peer transactions. The illegal trade in rhino horn is used to illustrate how this confederation would use criminal intelligence from several countries to first build a simulation of the political-ecological system that contains the trafficking operation, and then use this statistically fitted simulator to identify those traffickers to remove, wire transfers to block, and wildlife product shipments to seize. All software to implement this federated database and its access control procedure is freely available.
Development of technologies brings many positive aspects that enhance the quality of citizen's life. In addition to the benefits, the development of technology brings about also new threats and risks. For this reason, the issue of cyber security and personal data protection is at present at the forefront. Since June 2018, the European Union regulation has been enacted to increase the level of protection of personal data and to strengthen the rights of the citizens of the European Union in this area. To increase cyber security, the Slovak Republic adopted a Cyber Security Act in 2018 which sets minimum requirements for ensuring cyber security. By this law, the Slovak Republic strives to protect its citizens against the threats that are on the Internet. Children, young people, and seniors are the most vulnerable to these threats. Their computer literacy and the possibilities of protection against threats on the Internet are minimal. Thus, the level of cyber security must be examined, including the analysis of the awareness of risk group and formulation of possibilities to educate them. Uploading and subsequent uncontrolled sharing of personal information, sensitive information, intrusive photos, and videos on the Internet can lead to cyberbullying, which poses the greatest threat to children and young people. The paper deals with the survey conducted among elementary school pupils in topic of cyber security awareness and threats of the Internet. The aim of the paper is to propose preventive activities and measures to cyberbullying protection and raise cyber security awareness.
Crime is a major social and legal problem in the world we live in. Crime changes with time and circumstances. Criminals use new technologies to facilitate and maximize criminal activities. With increased use of Computers and Internet, there has been an explosion of new crime called the Cybercrime which is also known as 'Internet crimes' or 'e-crime'. Cybercrime is the most complicated problem and it has become the major concern for the global community. It is hard to detect. The nature of cybercrime shows that investigations are often technically complex, requiring access to specialist skill. For detection of cybercrime many investigation techniques and methods are there in the system. Also many investigation models have been proposed. Till date the investigation models proposed by various researchers have some or the other shortfalls. An improvised cybercrime investigation model with detail phases has been proposed in this paper.
The Internet is used by international insurgents, jihadists, and terrorist organizations as a tool for radicalization and recruitment, a method of propaganda distribution, a means of communication, and ground for training. Although there are no known reported incidents of cyberattacks on critical infrastructure as acts of terror, this could potentially become a tactic in the future. There are several methods for countering terrorist and insurgent information operations on the Internet. In this paper, the Terrorist Attack dataset using three-layer neural network trained and it is evaluated LBK method with the classification. According to the results which are obtained through three-layer neural network approaches to the methods it has better compare performance.
In parallel with the exponentially growing number of computing devices and IoT networks, the data storage and processing requirements of digital forensics are also increasing. Therefore, automation is highly desired in this field, yet not readily available, and many challenges remain, ranging from unstructured forensic data derived from diverse sources to a lack of semantics defined for digital forensic investigation concepts. By formally describing digital forensic concepts and properties, purpose-designed ontologies enable integrity checking via automated reasoning and facilitate anomaly detection for the chain of custody in digital forensic investigations. This article provides a review of these ontologies, and investigates their applicability in the automation of processing traces of digital evidence. This article is categorized under: Digital and Multimedia Science > Artificial Intelligence Digital and Multimedia Science > Cybercrime Investigation Digital and Multimedia Science > Cyber Threat Intelligence
Computers and the Internet have become a vital part of modern life across the world, affecting communications, finance, and governance. At the same time, technology has created unparalleled opportunities for crime and deviance on- and off-line. Criminological research has expanded its focus over the last two decades to address the various forms of technology-enabled crime and the applicability of traditional theories to account for offending. There is, however, a need for careful consideration of the state of the field in order to identify issues requiring further study and analysis. This study examines the current literature on virtually all forms of cybercrime and the theoretical frameworks used to address these issues. In turn, we hope to give direction to refine our understanding of criminological theory and social policies to combat these offenses.
Botnets, networks of infected computers controlled by a commander, increasingly play a role in a broad range of cybercrimes. Although often studied from technological perspectives, a criminological perspective could elucidate the organizational structure of botnets and how to counteract them. Botnets, however, pose new challenges for the rather anthropocentric theoretical repertoire of criminology, as they are neither fully human nor completely machine driven. We use Actor-Network Theory (ANT) to provide a symmetrical perspective on human and non-human agency in hybrid cybercriminal networks and analyze a botnet case from this perspective. We conclude that an ANT lens is particularly suitable for shedding light on the hybrid and intertwined offending, victimization and defending processes, leading to the new concept of 'cyborg crime'.
Over the past decade, reports of cybercrime have soared across the globe. Criminologists agree that the increase in cybercrime stems from technological advancements that have changed all facets of societal interactions. While it is agreed that technology has shaped cybercrime, there is less understanding about the dynamics of cybercrime. In particular, some researchers have explored whether these offenses are simply traditional types of crime that are now carried out through different strategies, while others have argued that cybercrimes are, in fact, new types of crime. This ambiguity potentially limits prevention and intervention strategies. In an effort to build our understanding about cybercrime within a criminological framework, in this study we use labeling theory as a guide to examine the patterns, characteristics, and sanctions associated with a sample of cybercrimes with an aim towards identifying how these offenses are socially constructed in comparison to traditional crimes, white-collar crimes, and international crimes. In doing so, our hope is to further determine how cybercrime can be understood within current criminological thinking.
To enhance competition and choice in the domain name system, ICANN introduced the new gTLD program, which added hundreds of new gTLDs (e.g..nyc,.io) to the root DNS zone. While the program arguably increased the range of domain names available to consumers, it might also have created new opportunities for cybercriminals. To investigate that, we present the first comparative study of abuse in the domains registered under the new gTLD program and legacy gTLDs (18 in total, such as.com,.org). We combine historical datasets from various sources, including DNS zone files, WHOIS records, passive and active DNS and HTTP measurements, and 11 reputable abuse feeds to study abuse across gTLDs. We find that the new gTLDs appear to have diverted abuse from the legacy gTLDs: while the total number of domains abused for spam remains stable across gTLDs, we observe a growing number of spam domains in new gTLDs which suggests a shift from legacy gTLDs to new gTLDs. Although legacy gTLDs had a rate of 56.9 spam domains per 10,000 registrations (Q4 2016), new gTLDs experienced a rate of 526.6 in the same period-which is almost one order of magnitude higher. In this study, we also analyze the relationship between DNS abuse, operator security indicators and the structural properties of new gTLDs. The results indicate that there is an inverse correlation between abuse and stricter registration policies. Our findings suggest that cybercriminals increasingly prefer to register, rather than hack, domain names and some new gTLDs have become a magnet for malicious actors. ICANN is currently using these results to review the existing anti-abuse safeguards, evaluate their joint effects and to introduce more effective safeguards before an upcoming new gTLD rollout.
Globally, millions of people play video games online and interact without limits. In recent years, video games have gained popularity thanks to the recent covid-19 pandemic and have been used as a pastime against lockdowns. This environment is extremely easy to use, suitable for all ages, and without specific filters or barriers preventing access. Gaming online is, therefore, an essential part of video games, where users play with friends and explore the environment in cooperation. Children make up a large portion of the population using these platforms, and this environment has not always proved safe for them. Therefore, this contribution explores the safety of the gaming environment by reviewing the current security measures available in the industry and comparing them with the results of a survey carried out among children under 18.
WHOIS acts as a registry for organisations or individuals who own or take responsibility for domains. For any registry to be functional, its integrity needs to be assured. Unfortunately, WHOIS data does not appear to meet basic integrity requirements in many cases, reducing the effectiveness of law enforcement and rightsholders in requesting takedowns for phishing kits, zombie hosts that are part of a botnet, or infringing content. In this paper, we illustrate the problem using a case study from trademark protection, where investigators attempt to trace fake goods being advertised on Facebook. The results indicate that ICANN needs to at least introduce minimum verification standards for WHOIS records vis-a-vis integrity, and optimally, develop a system for rapid takedowns in the event that a domain is being misused.
Harmful cyberactivities pose an increasing threat to cybersecurity. As the legal response, the legislator steadily criminalised cyberactivities by amending the criminal code in 1997, 2009 and 2015. The article describes this process of criminalisation and analyses its features. First, cyberactivities have been categorised and dealt with differently. Second, not only the core acts the act of intruding into computer information systems, the act of damaging data in computer information systems and the act of committing other crimes by using the computer as a tool but also the activities of assisting in or preparing for committing those core acts have been criminalised. This reflects the nation's prevention-oriented attitude towards cybercrime.
In an increasingly digital world, our social interactions are increasingly moving online. Differential association and social learning theories suggest that we learn both moral definitions and the how-to of crime from those we associate with. In this paper we examine whether online or offline social learning leads to more self-disclosed forms of cyber-offending. Using a national online sample of 1,109 participants, we find both online and offline social learning are important correlates to cyber-offending. In addition, we predict that lower self-control will interact with social learning to further increase the likelihood of cyber-offending. Overall, we find that both social learning and self-control, individually and as an interaction, have a large effect-size in predicting cyber-offending.
Nowadays, people are heading towards an era where the use of personal devices such as Personal Digital Assistant, laptops and wireless networks is increasing. Users operate their personal devices to gain benefit from resources and services offered by the Internet. Sometimes, these Internet activities are susceptible to cybercrimes and their consequences can be as harmful as common physical crime. Cyber-criminals use fake geographical locations to commit frauds and easily get away without eroding their anonymity. The geographical location information should be mandatory to gain access control. Authentication of user's geographical location (geolocation) can be helpful in enhancing network security and control access to resources. In this paper, IP address is used to authenticate user's graphical location and some of its extended properties which can be used as a weapon to avoid users from entering fake geographical locations while using Internet services, so as to improve safety and decreasing cybercrimes. The proposed model takes proactive investigations to uncover cybercrimes and cyber-criminals who are actively engaged in cybercrime.
The revolution in the Information Technology (IT) field has led to a significant increase in the number of people connected to and utilizing the Internet. However, it has also introduced severe security risks: valuable information such as passwords, financial accounts, and other confidential data are considered attractive targets for attackers. Cyber-attacks against this infrastructure can not only lead to data leakage but can also have significant financial implications and even lead to loss of life. Consequently, to defend against such attacks, and considering humans have a key role in these technologies, it is important to increase cyber-security awareness. This paper focuses on measuring the current level of cyber-security awareness in Saudi Arabia, in terms of cyber-security practices, level of awareness, and incident reporting, by means of an online questionnaire with 1230 participants. The questionnaire results showed that 31.7% used public Wi-Fi to access the Internet,51% used their personal information to create their passwords, 32.5% did not have any idea about phishing attacks, 21.7% had been victim of cybercrimes while only 29.2% of them reported the crime, which reflects their levels of awareness. The paper concludes by offering recommendations based on analysis of the results topromote the level of awareness.
"Cybercrime is notoriously maintained and empowered by the underground economy, manifested in black markets. In such markets, attack tools and vulnerability exploits are constantly traded. In this paper, we focus on making a quantitative assessment of the risk of attacks coming from such markets, and investigating the expected reduction in overall attacks against final users if, for example, vulnerabilities traded in the black markets were all to be promptly patched. In order to conduct the analysis, we mainly use the data on (a) vulnerabilities bundled in 90+ attack tools traded in the black markets collected by us; (b) actual records of 9 x 10(7) attacks collected from Symantec's Data Sharing Programme WINE. Our results illustrate that black market vulnerabilities are an important source of risk for the population of users; we further show that vulnerability mitigation strategies based on black markets monitoring may outperform traditional strategies based on vulnerability CVSS scores by providing up to 20% more expected reduction in attacks."
In the context of the digitization of delinquent activities, perpetrated via the internet, the question of the most appropriate means of crime prevention and crime repression is once again being raised. Studies performed on police investigations have highlighted the over-determining nature of circumstantial factors in crime as a condition for their elucidation for more than fifty years. The emergence of mass delinquency, such as cybercrime, has thus strongly altered the role of investigation as a useful mode of knowledge production. This obsolescence has appeared gradually and can be summarized in four stages, which generates a suspicion about the social relevance of the investigation. It seems that the holistic approach of criminal intelligence is more adapted to the fight against new forms of crime. The investigation becomes a precision instrument assigned to functions that become more specific. This article considers this paradigm shift by the approaches to knowledge management of crime control. Cybercrime is then emblematic of this shift. This study is based on the criminological review and the delinquency analysis led by the central criminal intelligence service of the national gendarmerie. Its premise may likely guide the strategy of French law enforcement agencies.
Given the limited resources and capabilities of states to maintain cyber security, a variety of co-production efforts have been made by individuals or by collectives, of varying degrees of organization and coordination. This article identifies different forms of citizen co-production of cyber security and notes the risk of unintended consequences. Safeguards and principles are proposed in order to facilitate constructive citizen/netizen co-production of cyber security. Although co-production of security can contribute to social control, only those activities within the bounds of the law should be encouraged. Activities of private citizens/netizens that test the limits of legality should be closely circumscribed.
With the advent of Internet technology and World Wide Web WWW), the whole world has become a global village. In this globally connected world, information system becomes the unique empire without tangible territory. Cybercrime is any illegal action which performs knowingly or unknowingly to not disturb or disturb the system to get information using technology. Cybercrime is one of the negative results of globalization. No system is fully secured in this global village. It is unrealistic to divide information systems into segments bordered by state boundaries. So it is required to build a legal system for this global village. But till now this type of law does not come into its existence. As we know, India has third largest number of Internet users in the world. This paper is a study of cyber safety in India through modeling and analysis. We also studied cyber-insurance companies in India.
The peculiarity of the modern economy is related to its informational character which affects the sharp increase of cyber incidents in the field of information security that are widespread and becoming threatening and are relevant to a broad range of private, corporate, as well as state interests. The problem of forming an effective information security system is exacerbated by the spread of cybercrime as a leading threat to information security, both in Ukraine and throughout the world. Thus, World Economic Crime Survey shows that almost every third organization faces economic offenses, of which about a third are the cybercrimes. The paper analyzes the data of two main indicators of the country's cybersecurity: Global Cybersecurity Index and the National Cybersecurity Index. According to the first one, some indicators of the Index in contemporary Ukraine became problematic. These are as follows: the absence of sectoral cybersecurity centers, the lack or low standards of cybersecurity of organizations and professional standards in this field, Internet safety for children, and the practical implementation of activities. The results of the analysis of the main indicators of the National Cybersecurity Index make it possible to state that the leading shortcomings in the field of cyber defense for Ukraine are: the lack of protection of digital services, the lack of crisis management in the field of cyber crisis management, the lack of effective military cyber operations. Summarizing the foregoing, the most acute problems of ensuring the proper level of cyber security of Ukraine are identified, which are as follows: the lack of appropriate specialists in the field of cybersecurity, the lack of unification of the categorical apparatus in the legislation of the country in the field of cybercrime, the lack of standards of cybersecurity in organizations and professional standards in this field, the absence of sectoral cybersecurity centers, the lack of recognized national comparative analysis and reference for measuring cybersecurity, and finally, the severity of identification, investigation and disclosure of cybercrime. In order to overcome certain shortcomings, the conceptual ways of solving the problem of ensuring cybersecurity have been proposed and characterized, which mainly consist in improving the legal and organizational support for the information and cyber security of Ukraine.
On 17 November 2021 the Second Additional Protocol to the Convention on enhanced cooperation and disclosure of electronic evidence was adopted by the Council of Europe. Through this Protocol it is hoped to strengthen judicial cooperation mechanisms including direct cooperation with service providers and joint investigation teams. Considering this development, this chapter mainly focuses on how the Council of Europe and its Member States primarily used soft law as an effective tool to influence policy as regards transborder access to online evidence in criminal matters. Starting with the 2001 Cybercrime Convention that does not explicitly provide for unilateral transborder access to data, this chapter encourages the reader to witness an intentional evolution from its original provisions to the adoption of soft law instruments such as different recommendations, and more importantly, guidance notes, which have eventually led to the momentum of adopting a Protocol. The chapter reflects on the agenda being pushed through these soft law instruments: to eventually expand on the interpretation of 'domestic reach' vis-a-vis electronic evidence in criminal matters. While laudable in terms of promoting efficiency, the law enforcement-centric greenlighting has its obvious pitfalls, one of which is the want of contribution to the promotion of better standards and protections for data protection and other relevant rights.
The internet mafia trope has shaped our knowledge about organised crime groups online, yet the evidence is largely speculative and the logic often flawed. This paper adds to current knowledge by exploring the development, operation and demise of an online criminal group as a case study. In this article we analyse a DDoS (Distributed Denial of Service) stresser (also known as booter) which sells its services online to enable offenders to launch attacks. Using Social Network Analysis to explore the service operations and payment systems, our findings show a central business model that is similar to legitimate e-commerce websites in the way product, price and costumers are differentiated. It also illustrates that its organisation is distributed and not hierarchical and the overall income yield is comparatively low, requiring further organisational activity to make it pay. Finally, we show that the users of the service (mainly offenders) are not only a mixed group of actors, but that it is also possible to discriminate between different levels of seriousness of offending according to the particular service they purchased.
This Article explains why and how computer technology complicates the related processes of identifying internal (crime and terrorism) and external (war) threats to social order of responding to those threats. First, it divides the process-attribution-into two categories: what-attribution (what kind of attack is this?) and who-attribution (who is responsible for this attack?). Then, it analyzes, in detail, how and why our adversaries' use of computer technology blurs the distinctions between what is now cybercrime, cyberterrorism, and cyberwarfare. The Article goes on to analyze how and why computer technology and the blurring of these distinctions erode our ability to mount an effective response to threats of either type. Finally, it explores ways in which we can modify how we currently divide responsibility for identifying and responding to the three threat categories among law enforcement and the military, respectively. The goal here is to identify techniques we can use to improve attribution and response processes for emerging cyberthreats.
The reform of the Crime Survey of England and Wales (a national victim survey) has exposed a very high number of individuals who fall victim to computer misuse cybercrimes such as hacking, computer viruses and ransomware. These crimes receive very little attention from the criminal justice system and very few are brought to justice, partly because of the nature of them (global crimes), but also because of a lack of capability among the police. This paper draws on official statistics, an empirical survey and interview research with computer misuse victims. The paper juxtaposes the low priority and lack of resources given to this crime by political and police leaders against many victims' perceptions and experiences of the crime as equivalent if not more serious than physical counterparts such as burglary, where there is greater interest. The increasing prominence of the virtual world in human life and the impacts of these crimes call for a reappraisal of the official assessment of seriousness in order to raise the priority and increase the capacity of criminal justice towards such offences.
Most of cyberscam-related studies focus on threats perpetrated against the Western society, with a particular attention to the USA and Europe. Regrettably, no research has been done on scams targeting African countries, especially Nigeria, where the notorious and (in)famous 419 advanced-fee scam, targeted towards other countries, originated. However, as we know, cybercrime is a global problem affecting all parties. In this study, we investigate a form of advance fee fraud scam unique to Nigeria and targeted at Nigerians, but unknown to the Western world. For the study, we rely substantially on almost two years worth of data harvested from an online discussion forum used by criminals. We complement this dataset with recent data from three other active forums to consolidate and generalize the research. We apply machine learning to the data to understand the criminals' modus operandi. We show that the criminals exploit the socio-political and economic problems prevalent in the country to craft various fraud schemes to defraud vulnerable groups such as secondary school students and unemployed graduates. The result of our research can help potential victims and policy makers to develop measures to counter the activities of these criminal groups.
'Cybercrime' is an umbrella concept used by criminologists to refer to traditional crimes that are enhanced via the use of networked technologies (i.e. cyber-enabled crimes) and newer forms of crime that would not exist without networked technologies (i.e. cyber-dependent crimes). Cybersecurity is similarly a very broad concept and diverse field of practice. For computer scientists, the term 'cybersecurity' typically refers to policies, processes and practices undertaken to protect data, networks and systems from unauthorised access. Cybersecurity is used in subnational, national and transnational contexts to capture an increasingly diverse array of threats. Increasingly, cybercrimes are presented as threats to cybersecurity, which explains why national security institutions are gradually becoming involved in cybercrime control and prevention activities. This paper argues that the fields of cyber-criminology and cybersecurity, which are segregated at the moment, are in much need of greater engagement and cross-fertilisation. We draw on concepts of 'high' and 'low' policing (Brodeur, 2010) to suggest it would be useful to consider 'crime' and 'security' on the same continuum. This continuum has cybercrime at one end and cybersecurity at the other, with crime being more the domain of 'low' policing while security, as conceptualised in the context of specific cybersecurity projects, falls under the responsibility of 'high' policing institutions. This unifying approach helps us to explore the fuzzy relationship between cyber-crime and cyber-security and to call for more fruitful alliances between cybercrime and cybersecurity researchers.
Rogue websites support their operations through advertising, where advertising networks facilitate the placement of advertising banners paid for by advertisers who seek the most relevant eyeballs. While mainstream advertisers risk harm to their brands by being associated with illicit activities on the internet, they also risk harms to users through the colocation of ads for high-risk activities, such as gambling, pornography, and scams. In this paper, we present a quantitative analysis of high risk and mainstream advertising being served to New Zealand consumers. We explore the ethical challenges facing advertisers and advertising networks in potentially facilitating cybercrime and harms to users, in the context of theories of marketing ethics. These theories can be used to explore policy and individual responses to guide ethical conduct in marketing.
This study investigates the predictors of four types of cybercrime victimization/experiences: online harassment, hacking, identity theft, and receiving nude photos or explicit content. The effects of victimization opportunity and low self-control are examined as the primary independent variables in logistic regression analyses of data collected from a large sample of undergraduates enrolled at two universities in the United States. Results suggest that opportunity is positively related to each of the four types of online victimization, and that low self-control is associated with person-based, but not computer-based, forms of cybercrime. These findings speak to the utility, and also the limitations, of these perspectives in understanding cybercrime victimization risk among college students, and to the potentially criminogenic nature of the Internet.
The development of internet technologies is paralleled by the higher number of cyberattacks and cyber crimes in cyber-environment. Also, the growth in internet transactions has increased the number of cyber crimes, due both to the ingenuity of cyber criminals, but also to the lack of knowledge of users that make online transitions of how to protect themselves. There is no secret that cyber-weapons are tools of the modern war, so users of the internet should know how to deal with such attacks, preferably to prevent them but in case they happen, they should know what to do. Even though there are plenty of effects of cyber-crime effects on users' personal lives, the focus in this paper is on how cyber criminality affects business and forces owners and managers of various firms to invest in cyber protection. In the context of WannaCry ransomware attacks most companies around the world fear that they might become victims of this type of ransomware, considering the size and importance of affected organizations: NHS (UK's National Health Service), Automobile Dacia (Romania's biggest car producer), Deutsche Bahn AG (German national railway company), and many other organizations including universities and ministries. This exploratory study aims at determining if the Romanian managers and business owners are aware of the threats of cyber crime and what measures they take for protection. Also, the authors want to analyze if the companies chosen for this study have ever been victims of any cyber attacks and what were the costs for the shareholders. The results of this study will be useful for many organizations, and hopefully, they will put into practice the recommendations given at the end of this paper so that such cyber attacks will produce fewer victims in the future.
The aim of this chapter is to raise awareness of some of the legal issues around open source investigations of cybercrime and cyberterrorism. The issues raised relate to different stages of the investigation process and highlight instances within each where various types of legislation may affect the activities carried out, or the progress of a case. Rather than attempt to provide an in-depth legal analysis, the author uses UK and European law to illustrate difficulties that may be encountered or factors that may need to be considered in this particular type of investigation. General issues of data protection and human rights are outlined and addressed and more specific topics such as lawful actions, disclosure and digital evidence are explored. The chapter also considers the reasons behind the legal issues and suggests some ways that problems may be overcome.
"Purpose Retailers are implementing technology-enabled mobile checkout processes in their stores to improve service quality, decrease labor costs and gain operational efficiency. These new checkout processes have increased customer convenience primarily by providing them autonomy in sales transactions in that store employee interventions play a reduced role. However, this autonomy has the unintended consequence of altering the checks and balances inherent in a traditional employee-assisted checkout process. Retailers, already grappling with shoplifting, with an estimated annual cost of billions of dollars, fear that the problem may be exacerbated by mobile checkout and concomitant customer autonomy. The purpose of this paper is to understand the effect of mobile checkout processes in retail stores on cybercrime in the form of shoplifting enabled by a technology transformed the retail environment. Design/methodology/approach The authors conducted an online survey of a US sample recruited from a crowdsourced platform. The authors test a research model that aims to understand the factors that influence the intention to shoplift in three different mobile checkout settings - namely, smartphone checkout settings, store-provided mobile device checkout settings, and employee-assisted mobile checkout settings - and compare it with a traditional fixed location checkout setting. Findings The authors found that, in a smartphone checkout setting, intention to shoplift was driven by experiential beliefs and peer influence, and experiential beliefs and peer influence had a stronger effect for prospective shoplifters when compared to experienced shoplifters; in a store-provided mobile devices checkout setting, experiential beliefs had a negative effect on shoplifters' intention to shoplift and the effect was weaker for prospective shoplifters when compared to experienced shoplifters. The results also indicated that in an employee-assisted mobile checkout setting, intention to shoplift was driven by experiential beliefs and peer influence, and experiential beliefs had a stronger effect for prospective shoplifters when compared to experienced shoplifters. Originality/value This study is the among the first, if not first, to examine shoplifters' intention to shoplift in mobile checkout settings. We provide insights into how those who may not have considered shoplifting in less favorable criminogenic settings may change their behavior due to the autonomy provided by mobile checkout settings and also provide an understanding of the shoplifting intention for both prospective and experienced shoplifters in different mobile checkout settings."
Objective Aiming to reduce distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks by alerting the consciences of Internet users, this paper evaluates the effectiveness of four warning banners displayed as online ads (deterrent-control, social, informative, and reorienting) and the contents of their two linked landing pages. Methods We implement a 4 x 2 quasi-experimental design on a self-selected sample of Internet users to measure the engagement generated by the ads and the pages. Engagement is measured on the ads as the ratio of clicks to impressions and on the pages as percentage of page scrolled, average session duration, video interaction rate, and URLs click rate. Results Social ads generate significantly more engagement than the rest with low to medium effect sizes. Data reveal no differences in engagement between both landing page designs. Conclusions Social messages may be a better alternative for engaging with potential cyber offenders than the traditional deterrent messages.
This study investigates the victim-perpetrator overlap for financial cybercrimes: auction fraud, virtual theft, and identity fraud. Conducting a cross-sectional study among Dutch youth aged 10 to 18 (N = 6,299), the results show that the victim-perpetrator overlap for financial cybercrime is considerable. Perpetration is strongly motivated by retaliation. The findings from the multinomial regression model show that low self-control and high on-line disinhibition are positively and significantly associated with victimization and perpetration. The findings demonstrate that the overlap between financial cybercrime victimization and perpetration is partially explained by retaliation, low self-control and on-line disinhibition, suggesting that state-dependency and individual heterogeneity explanations should be supplemented by explanations funded in the dynamics of the on-line environment.
The concept of organised cybercrime has been the subject of much debate over the last decade. Many researchers who have applied scholarly definitions of organised crime to cyber-criminal groups have concluded that such groups are not organised criminal groups and do not engage in organised crime. This paper adopts a different perspective to argue that certain cyber-criminal groups involved in ransomware can and should be considered organised crime if a more contemporary and flexible framework for conceptualising organised crime is adopted. We make this argument using three primary domains of organised crime first described by von Lampe: criminal activities, offender social structures, and extra-legal governance. We narrow in on the concepts of violence and extra-legal governance in particular as they have been interpreted to hold significant differences for criminal groups operating in physical and digital domains. The paper argues that it is time to move on from criminological debates regarding whether organised cybercrime can exist to focus on the many rich questions that researchers can take from organised crime scholarship and apply to cyber-criminal groups. We put forward a reconceptualisation of organised cybercrime towards this end.
Over the last few years the market for distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks has changed from a pay-per-attack model executed by botnets, to a subscription service of booters and stressers where subscribers launch their own attacks through a web-based front end. The DDoS attack strength of booters and stressers has significantly increased to rival that of the largest botnets, making them an ideal resource for attacks. The size of attacks offered depends on reflection and amplification (DRDoS) attacks where vulnerable servers are used to reflect attacks towards their victim. This increases the volume of attack traffic, while masking the source of the attack from the victim. To better understand this new form of cybercrime as a service, this study provides a comparative analysis of 155 unique reflective attacks performed by 21 DRDoS service providers against a real target. The underlying infrastructure of reflection servers was analyzed across the different providers, along with the type of attacks advertised relative to the actual type of attacks launched. The findings demonstrate there are distinct differences in the quality and capacity of service providers, and the language in posted advertisements does not necessarily conform to the realities of their real-time attacks. Implications for the disruption and mitigation of booter services are discussed in detail.
"The popularity of online social networks has created massive social communication among their users and this leads to a huge amount of user-generated communication data. In recent years, Cyberbullying has grown into a major problem with the growth of online communication and social media. Cyberbullying has been recognized recently as a serious national health issue among online social network users and developing art efficient detection model holds tremendous practical significance. In this paper, we have proposed set of unique features derived from Twitter; network, activity, user, and tweet content, based on these feature, we developed a supervised machine learning solution for detecting cyberbullying in the Twitter. An evaluation demonstrates that our developed detection model based on our proposed features, achieved results with an area under the receiver-operating characteristic curve of 0.943 and an f-measure of 0.936. These results indicate that the proposed model based on these features provides a feasible solution to detecting Cyberbullying in online communication environments. Finally, we compare result obtained using our proposed features with the result obtained from two baseline features. The comparison outcomes show the significance of the proposed features. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
This study provides a partial test of the relationship between actor motivations and target suitability using a routine activity framework to understand a form of cybercrime called web defacements. Specifically, the relationships between the visibility, inertia, value, and accessibility of the target in online spaces relative to the unique nonmonetary motivations of the attacker were examined. This study utilized a sample of 138,361 web defacements performed against websites hosted within the Netherlands IP space from January 2011 to April 2017. Seven multinomial logistic regression models were conducted for each self-identified motive for the attack, clustered by attacker to minimize the size of standard errors. The findings demonstrated partial support for aspects of routine activity theory to account for differences in offender motivation, suggesting web defacements are similar to other forms of cybercrime. At the same time, motivations differentially shape target selection.
Today, the internet is being used in everybody's daily life thanks to rapid development of science and technology including information and communications technology. The cyberspace has also been used as a den for cybercriminals, whose recent number remarkably increases getting things worse and worse. Cybercrime is technically distinguished from traditional one, which makes it very hard to investigate cybercrime. In particular, a number of technical and legal issues arising in the collection and analysis of digital evidence have great influence in cybercrime investigation. The paper explores general concept of electronic evidence, basic requirements for collecting and analysing digital evidence and general procedures and methodologies thereof.
The manuscript is devoted to the peculiarities of the application of criminal legal measures against cybercrimes under martial law. During the research, we found an opportunity to formulate the author's recommendations for solving the most complex problems of law enforcement, as well as to propose changes to the Criminal Code of Ukraine, aimed at eliminating the shortcomings of the analyzed Law, the adoption of which will contribute to the achievement of greater effectiveness of the relevant criminal law prescriptions.
Blockchain forensics (the use of scientific methods to manipulate data to create useful and informative descriptions of the manipulated data) takes data from the blockchain to interpret the flow of digital assets. Investigators use sophisticated data manipulation and visualization tools to identify the travel history of stolen assets. With these capabilities, chain hopping, round-tripping, and all attempts to blur transfer trails by cyber criminals become smoke screens with no effect. This paper establishes a framework for investigating financial crimes on the blockchain, starting with a brief explanation of blockchain forensics, types of financial crimes committed by criminals using the blockchain, and how they can be mitigated using OSINT's (OSINT, 2022) investigation process of data collection, data preservation, data processing, and data presentation. This paper also presents a community-based approach to financial crime investigations on the blockchain that involves the public and victims themselves contributing valuable intelligence that can be used to trace and track criminals by authorities and security agencies in the global fight against cybercrime.
The BitTorrent client application is a popular tool to distribute the large files over the Internet. However, the utility can be used for the illegal distribution of some files. Such an activity is considered as a cybercrime. In order to aid the forensics investigator to fight against the cybercrimes we carried out the research, during which we investigated the evidences left by BitTorrent client application in the local computer operating under Windows 8.1. During the experiment, we studied the evidences left by the BitTorrent client in the Windows registry and in the BitTorrent client configuration files. We investigated as well the possibilities to remove the evidences of the use of the BitTorrent application in order to conceal such a fact. The experiment revealed that the evidences are left either in the Windows registry or in the BitTorrent configuration files or both depending on the removal mode of the BitTorrent client application. The BitTorrent configuration files can reveal only whether the cybercrime was committed.
"Cybercrimes have increased with the increased use of computers. Measures have been developed at the national level to address the cybercrime issues; however, due to the nature of the crime, there is a need to adopt global frameworks. Various nations have developed internal legal measures to prevent cybercrime. The success of the measures can be fully effective through global integration. The international conventions have been developed to bring nations together and ensure that they join hands in fighting cybercrime. This paper addresses the history and introduction of cybercrime and their implications at the global level. Also, it analyzes the various measures used in addressing the crime and the challenges faced. Based on the analysis, the future of cybercrime can be easily analyzed to determine based on the effectiveness of the existing measures and policies governing cyber criminology and justice systems globally."
As a sequel to the liberalization of the Nigerian telecommunication sector in late 1990s, Nigeria experienced tremendous growth in telecommunications usage and internet penetration because of the proliferation of Internet Service Providers (ISPs) and Cybercafes. Consequently, fraudsters started using the internet, instead of the regular mails and fax to perpetrate crimes on cyberspace. International and domestic reports adjudged Nigeria as major global hub of cyber criminal activity, being one of the countries with the highest rates of cybercrime perpetration in the world. The Nigerian government became alarmed with the misuse of the cyberspace by the fraudsters and based on the quest to tackle the menace inaugurated in 2003 a Presidential Committee and subsequent initiatives to investigate the activities of these fraudsters on cyberspace and fashion out a legal and regulatory framework to circumvent the menace of cybercrime. Unfortunately, it took the Nigerian government over a decade to enact a cybercrime legal and regulatory framework after being exposed to the severe negative implications for national economic development, national security, international relations and also human rights and human security. This paper examines Nigeria's legal and regulatory response to cybercrime. It espouses an analysis of the adequacy of the legal and regulatory frameworks in existence to curtail cybercrime in Nigeria. (C) 2017 Felix E. Eboibi. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Governments needs reliable data on crime in order to both devise adequate policies, and allocate the correct revenues so that the measures are cost-effective, i.e., the money spent in prevention, detection, and handling of security incidents is balanced with a decrease in losses from offences. The analysis of the actual scenario of government actions in cyber security shows that the availability of multiple contrasting figures on the impact of cyber-attacks is holding back the adoption of policies for cyber space as their cost-effectiveness cannot be clearly assessed. The most relevant literature on the topic is reviewed to highlight the research gaps and to determine the related future research issues that need addressing to provide a solid ground for future legislative and regulatory actions at national and international levels.
Purpose The teenager community is the most affected community by cybercrime in the COVID-19 era. Increasing social networks and facilitating teenager access to the Internet have increased the probability of cybercrimes. On the other hand, entertainment such as mobile and computer games is top-rated among teenagers. Teenagers' tendency to cybercrime may be influenced by individual, parent, social, economic and political factors. Studying the impact of social networks, mobile games and parents' religious attitudes on teenagers' tendency to cybercrimes in the COVID-19 era is the primary goal of this paper. Design/methodology/approach The outbreak of COVID-19 caused a considerable change in the world and the lifestyle of all people. Information and Communication Technology (ICT) was also affected by the special conditions of this virus. Changes in ICT and rapid access to it have empowered individuals and organizations, and people have increased civic participation and interaction through ICT. However, the outbreak of COVID-19 has created new challenges for the government and citizens and may cause new crimes. Cybercrime is a type of crime that occurs in a cyber environment. These crimes range from invasions of privacy to crimes in which the offender vaguely paralyzes the macroeconomic. In this research, 265 students of high schools and universities are used for collecting data by utilizing a survey. Measuring actions have been done in all surveys employing a Likert scale. The causal pattern is assessed through a constructional equation modeling procedure to study the scheme's validity and reliability. Findings The outcomes have indicated that social networks have no significant relationship with teenagers' tendency to cybercrimes in the COVID-19 era. Mobile games have a mild effect on teenagers' tendency to cybercrimes in the COVID-19 era, and parents' religious attitudes significantly impact teenagers' tendency to cybercrimes in the COVID-19 era. Research limitations/implications Current research also has some restrictions that must be noticed in assessing the outcomes. First, sample research was selected from high schools and universities in one city. So, the size of the model is small, and the generalization of results is limited. Second, this research may have ignored other variables that affect the tendency of teenagers' to cybercrime. Future researchers intend to investigate the parents' upbringing system's impact on teenager's trend to cybercrime in the COVID-19 era. Future research can also examine practical factors such as parental upbringing, attitudes toward technology development and virtual addiction in the COVID-19 era. Originality/value In this study, teenagers' tendency to cybercrimes in the COVID-19 era is investigated, and a procedure is applied depending on a practical occasion. This article's offered sample provides a perfect framework for influencing parents' social networks, mobile games and religious attitudes on teenagers' tendency to cybercrimes in the COVID-19 era.
Each medium we know of is defined by 1) the grammar which defines it and 2) the regulatory approach which definer it. Yet Cyberspace has introduced new harms and new crimes which have never before existed while some crimes have pre-existing antecedents. Regulation over the Internet may be based upon new harms. Rather than physical harm per se, the realm of psychological violation may provide the basis for a cause of action, yet we still speak in terms of physical or corporeal impact. What is the nature of punishment when liability or guilt is found to Exist and who metes out such punishment? This article proposes a typology of criminal behavior in cyberspace.
In recent years, cyber-racketeering has become a prevalent means of cyberattack, severely jeopardizing nations, organizations, and individual users. However, because previous research has been focused on individual crimes, insider security threats, and compliance, the serious consequences of organized cybercrimes have received little attention. To investigate organized cyber-racketeering, we explore how organized cybercriminals apply organizational techniques to systematically commit cyberattack on individuals and businesses. Based on 80 court cases of successfully prosecuted cybercrimes, this article is one of the first to scientifically examine organized crime syndicates that are engaged in cyber-racketeering. We use the grounded theory approach to investigate organized cyber-racketeering. To ensure the scientific rigor and realism of this study, we examine these court cases to develop a process theory based on the results of interpretive and iterative analyses conducted from multiple perspectives on organized cyber-racketeering. We establish a framework for organized cyber-racketeering to shed light on its characteristics and the crucial role of Internet technology (IT) in the implementation and operation of cyber-racketeering activities. The proposed framework consists of motive, organization, learning and development, and execution. This article contributes both to enhancing the understanding of how organized cybercriminals operate and profit from cyber-racketeering using information and communications technology (ICT) and to improving countermeasures that may be taken by practitioners.
The rapidly rising usage of telecommunication and information networks which inter-connect modern society through computers, smart phones and other electronic devices has led to security threats and cyber-crimes (CC) activities. These cybercrime activities has ultimately resulted in CC attack classification as a serious problem in network security domain while machine learning has been subjected to extensive research area in intrusion classification with emphasis on improving the rate of classifier's accuracy or improving the data mining model performance. This study is another attempt, using rough set theory (RST), a rule based decision making approach to extract rules for intrusion attacks classification. Experiments were performed on publicly available data to explore the performance of four different algorithms e.g. genetic algorithm, covering algorithm, LEM2 and Exhaustive algorithms. It is observed that RST classification based on genetic algorithm for rules generation yields best performance as compared to other mentioned rules generation algorithms. Moreover, by applying the proposed technique on publicly available dataset about intrusion attacks, the results show that the proposed approach can fully predict all intrusion attacks and also provides prior useful information to the security engineers or developers to conduct a mandating action.
"Since a past decade, social media networking has become an essential part of everyone's life affecting cultural, economic and social life of the people. According to internetlivestats.com, in March 2019 the Internet users reached 4 168 461 500, i.e., 50.08 % penetration of world population. According to Statista, in 2019 there are 2.22 billion social media networking users worldwide, i.e., 31 % of global social media networking penetration and it is expected that in 2021 this number will reach 3.02 billion. These social networking sites are attracting users from all walks of life and keeping these users' data in the cloud. Today's big challenge is related to an increase in volume, velocity, variety and veracity of data in social media networking, and this leads to creating several concerns, including privacy and security; on the other hand, it also proves as a tool to prevent and investigate cybercrime, if intelligently and smartly handled. The law enforcement agencies are putting their utmost efforts to prevent cybercrime by monitoring communications activities over the Internet. In this paper, the authors discuss recommendations and techniques for preventing cybercrime."
For the past 10 years, Thailand has been one of the top 10 countries targeted by cyber criminals. In order to address this pressing issue of computer and cybercrime, Thailand enacted the Computer Crime Act (Version 2) of 2017 to better reflect the changing nature and types of computer crime and created the CyberCrime Investigation Bureau to be directly responsible for such crime. Very little empirical research has been conducted in Thailand on this topic. The data in this study are from in-depth interviews of 20 experts and two focus groups of 20 experts each. The data from the interviews and the first focus group focused on the obstacles facing computer crime officials in dealing with computer crime. The second focus group discussed and analyzed the findings and then offered recommendations for future police policies and practices. The recommendations address not only the main obstacles found in the five main areas of police policies (international cooperation, law enforcement officials, victims, technology, and legal aspects), but also offer proactive police practices to be considered, such as human rights violation precautions and police recruitment and career paths for computer crime personnel.
With the rapid development of social informatization, the Internet has become an important channel for global information dissemination. The wireless network space and the real space are intertwined and have a significant impact on the political, economic, and cultural aspects of international society. For example, it can effectively solve the problem of information exchange between cities, regions, and countries. Wireless network crime and wireless network space security issues involve the development of information technology in various countries and, more importantly, involve all aspects of national security. In the age of science and technology, the current situation of cybercrime can be expressed by data as follows: the online crime rate is high. According to relevant statistics, nearly 5 million Internet users are involved in various cases every year due to the use of the Internet. This article starts with the digital forensics of wireless network crime and wireless network security management systems and discusses the composition, characteristics, existing problems, and future development directions of the current wireless network security management system. By comparing the wireless network security laws of China and the United States, using the latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA)-Gibbs model and the k-means algorithm to analyze the data, this article provides guidance for future research on wireless network space governance. The combination of digital forensics analysis based on cybercrime and space governance can improve the level of public security work. At present, the world has made some progress in cyberspace, but it still faces severe challenges. In the face of new situations and new measures, it is necessary to strengthen legislation, improve relevant systems, and strengthen supervision capacity. At the same time, it is necessary to establish perfect technical means and safeguards to ensure that this goal can be achieved.
"Although older people rarely report being victims of financial cybercrime, there is evidence that older online users are at increased risk. This realist review identified factors leading to older adults' victimisation and reviewed the theory and evidence for interventions to reduce victimisation risks. We developed an initial programme theory from a scoping review and expert stakeholder consultations. We searched electronic databases, references and websites for literature meeting inclusion criteria. We analysed 52 primary and secondary data sources, seeking stakeholder views to develop and refine the programme theory and generate Context-Mechanism-Outcome Configurations (CMOCs) explaining how, why and in what circumstances older adults become financial cybercrime victims; and extrapolated this to consider rational intervention strategies. Our programme theory comprised 16 CMOCs describing how: social isolation, cognitive, physical and mental health problems; wealth status, limited cyber security skills or awareness, societal attitudes and content of scams led to victimisation. Our refined programme theory provides a novel framework to guide future intervention design. Only interventions to enhance older internet users' awareness and skills have been trialled to date. Other theoretically plausible interventions include: offender management programmes, tailored security measures, society-wide stigma reduction and awareness-raising with groups who support older people."
"Using a systematic review of literature, this study identifies the potential impact of blockchain solutions for augmenting supply chain resilience (SCR) to cybercrime. This rich literature synthesis forms the basis of a novel theoretical framework that provides guidance and insight for blockchain adopters and vendors as well as delineate palpable benefits of this novel technology. An interpretivist philosophical design and inductive reasoning are adopted to conduct the systematic review of literature. A total of 867 papers were retrieved from Scopus database between the years of 2016 and 2020 and subsequently analysed via abductive reasoning, grounded theory and a thematic meta-analysis; where the latter was achieved using a scientometric approach and software tools such as VOS viewer and NVivo. Scientometric analysis revealed the most prolific countries, sources, publications and authors who reside at the vanguard of blockchain developments and adoption. Subsequent grounded theory analysis identified six main clusters of research endeavour viz: case study, challenges and opportunity, traceability, smart contract blockchain and IoT and data security. From 28 SCR metrics identified within literature, five were found to have been positively impacted by blockchain technology solutions, namely: visibility, collaboration, integration, risk management and information sharing. Prominent applications of blockchain technology in practice were traceability systems and smart contracts which are often implemented separately or in combination and primarily in food supply chains. This research constitutes the first study to critically synthesise extant literature for evaluation of blockchain solutions' implication on SCR metrics. New perspectives obtained provided a basis for the novel theoretical framework for implementation that will be valued by software developers and adopting organizations, whilst creating new direction for researchers interested in blockchain technology."
In this explorative study we provide empirical insight into how organized crime offenders use IT to launder their money. Our empirical data consist of 30 large-scale criminal investigations into organized crime. These cases are part of the most recent, fifth data sweep of the Dutch Organized Crime Monitor (DOCM). We do not focus on cybercrime alone. Instead, we explore the financial aspects of criminal operations in a broad range of types of organized crime, i.e. from 'traditional' types of organized crime, such as offline drug smuggling, to cybercrime. Regarding the spending of criminal proceeds (consumption and investment), the analyses show several similarities and no major differences between traditional crime and cybercrime. When it comes to concealing criminal earnings (money laundering), we do see important differences. Financial innovation, such as the use of cryptocurrencies, seems to be limited to cases of IT-related crime. One of the most striking similarities between cybercrime and traditional crime is the offenders' preference for cash. In the analysed cases, malware and phishing offenders as well as online drug traffickers change their digital currencies for cash, at least in part.
"Cybercrime continues to be a detrimental problem in South Africa and continues to change in nature and sophistication. Innovations and technological advancements aimed at moving the world towards a digital age increase the risks of cybercrime. Concurrently, as the risk of cybercrime increases so does the challenge to police it. The policing of cybercrime is generally an afterthought for several organisations and individuals in South Africa. This type of crime has no regional, national or international boundaries, unlike ?traditional crime? which has physical boundaries and limits in relation to jurisdiction. This contributes towards the challenge of detecting, investigating and combating it. Cyber criminals have intercepted vital and essential government, personal and business information online. Therefore, the primary objective of this paper is to explore the obstacles/challenges that hamper the effective and efficient policing of cybercrime in Durban, South Africa. A qualitative research approach was adopted, to explore the challenges of policing of cybercrime in the study area. The findings collected through semi-structured interviews with a total number of twenty (20) participants comprising of SAPS Directorate for Priority Crime Investigation (DPCI) officials, members of Bowline Security and members of the Durban community; suggest that there is a shortage of SAPS officials who are knowledgeable in handling cybercrime related cases. Policies and strategies to police cybercrime in Durban are insufficient because of the lack of resources, to adequately implement policy and promote cooperative strategic partnerships. Together, these findings suggest that all relevant stakeholder organisations should assist in minimising the challenge of policing of cybercrime."
Last decade can be characterized by the rapid integration of smart applications and digitization of all aspects of our life. Cheap, portable and easy to deploy hardware and software components lead to the integration of tiniest Internet of Things (IoT) components in almost every digital household product that is currently on the market. Bringing data processing to the Edge and moving operations into the Cloud, companies try to operationalize novel utilization of IoT. Given altruistic goals to improve quality of life, reduce the amount of manual labour and provide more sustainable technologies, such smart solutions became an increasingly attractive target for adversarial actors. Attack scenarios that were considered as highly unlikely 10 years ago have been implemented and demonstrated on several occasions, including Mirai botnet. Distributed computations, variety of legal standards, cross-border data sharing brings novel obstacles in cybercrime investigation. However, it does not mean that the data and pieces of digital evidence from the IoT ecosystem cannot improve the pro-active response of law enforcement agencies. This paper addresses issues and discusses opportunities of IoT technology to enhance public safety and security in the long run.
Intelligent software packages have become fast-growing in popularity for large businesses in both developed and developing countries, due to their higher availability in detecting and preventing cybercrime. However, small and medium enterprises (SMEs) are showing prominent gaps in this adoption due to their level of awareness and knowledge towards cyber security and the security mindset. This is due to their priority of running their businesses over requiring using the right technology in protecting their data. This study explored how SMEs in Wales are handling cybercrime and managing their daily online activities the best they can, in keeping their data safe in tackling cyber threats. The sample collected consisted of 122 Welsh SME respondents in a collection of data through a survey questionnaire. The results and findings showed that there were large gaps in the awareness and knowledge of using intelligent software, in particular the uses of machine learning integration within their technology to track and combat complex cybercrime that perhaps would have been missed by standard cyber security software packages. The study's findings showed that only 30% of the sampled SMEs understood the terminology of cyber security. The awareness of machine learning and its algorithms was also questioned in the implementation of their cyber security software packages. The study further highlighted that Welsh SMEs were unaware of what this software could do to protect their data. The findings in this paper also showed that various elements such as education and the size of SME made an impact on their choices for the right software packages being implemented, compared to elements such as age, gender, role and being a decision maker, having no impact on these choices. The study finally shares the investigations of various SME strategies to help understand the risks, and to be able to plan for future contingencies and preparation in keeping data safe and secure for the future.
This article explores the social and market dynamics of Darkode, an invitation-only cybercrime forum that was dismantled by the FBI in July 2015 and was described by a U.S. Attorney as the most sophisticated English-speaking forum for criminal computer hackers in the world. Based on a leaked database of 4,788 discussion threads, we examine the selection process through which 344 potential new members introduced themselves to the community in order to be accepted into this exclusive group. Using a qualitative approach, we attempt to assess whether this rigorous procedure significantly enhanced the trust between traders, and therefore, contributed to the efficiency of this online illicit marketplace. We find that trust remained elusive and interactions were often fraught with suspicion and accusations. Even hackers who were considered successful faced significant challenges in trying to profit from the sale of malicious software and stolen data.
Cybercrimes are increasing in Malaysia. According to a report the crimes jumped by 88 per cent in 2011 with 15,218 cases compared with 8090 in 2010. This report has caused a lot of concern from the Government and the public. At a glance, these crimes are like 'diseases' spreading throughout the country and causing damage to people, the economy and the country. Although various efforts have been taken and some are still ongoing, total prevention of cybercrime is very difficult. Combating the threat is very challenging since Malaysia is still lacking in many of the tools required including manpower and technology. But the efforts will continue. This paper discusses some of the efforts taken by the Government and other organisations to deal with these problems followed by an analysis on the application of cyberlaws and how these measures work together with the traditional law in tackling cybercrime cases. (C) 2012 Duryana binti Mohamed. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
"Underground forums provide useful insights into cybercrime, where researchers analyse underlying economies, key actors, their discussions and interactions, as well as different types of cybercrime. This interdisciplinary topic of study incorporates expertise from diverse areas, including computer science, criminology, economics, psychology, and other social sciences. Historically, there were significant challenges around access to data, but there are now research datasets of millions of messages scraped from underground forums. The problems now stem from the size of these datasets and the technical nature of methods and tools available for data sampling and analysis at scale, which make data exploration difficult for non-technical users. POSTCoG has been developed to solve this problem. We first provide a survey of prior work into underground forums; this was used to understand the requirements and functionalities valued by researchers, and to inform the design of a data exploration tool. We then describe POSTCoG, a web application developed to support users from both technical and non-technical backgrounds in forum analyses, such as search, information extraction and cross-forum comparison. The prototype's usability is then evaluated through two user studies with expert users of the CRIMEBB dataset. POSTCoG is made available for academic research upon signing an agreement with the Cambridge Cybercrime Centre."
There are reports that criminal networks advertise on social media to recruit new members. In this paper, we will focus on money mules and examine how they become involved in cybercrime on Instagram. Money mules are used to hide the financial trail of a crime and are thus indispensable for cybercriminal networks. Yet, there is a dearth of research on this group. Based on keywords derived from the literature, 43 Dutch Instagram accounts were identified that are most likely used to recruit money mules. We analyzed the content of said accounts in order to map the recruitment techniques used by criminals online. Insights from previous literature on offline recruitment were used to provide an initial framework for the analysis. Thereafter, results were considered in the light of situational crime prevention. In this article, we will argue that while Instagram indeed offers possibilities for criminals to recruit money mules, different situational strategies can be applied to prevent this. This study underlines the relevance of social media in criminological research and encourages future studies to explore this innovative method further.
From online banking to social networking sites, the advent of the Internet has revolutionized the manner in which society carries out their online routine activities. Although the Internet continues to be an invaluable resource, it also provides a unique medium for offenders to engage in crime and delinquency. Although criminologists have begun to explore the application of traditional theories into virtual environments, less is known about trends in the application and growth of cybercrime at the macro-level. Expanding on the core elements of Cohen and Felson's seminal work, we hypothesize that increases in rates of cybercrime are the result of technological social changes occurring post-commercialization of the Internet. A variety of data are presented to substantiate our hypothesis, along with a discussion of an online household activity ratio that holds promise in explaining trends in financial cybercrime victimization.
Besides the many positive effects of the use of information technologies, it also generates many problems. It is especially of great importance to determine the level of knowledge and awareness of individuals on the cybercrime. No studies have been conducted on this issue in the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus. Based on this, it was necessary to determine the knowledge level of adolescents who are frequent users of digital technologies regarding the cybercrimes and their attitudes toward them. This study is a descriptive survey model. The working group is composed of 407 adolescents in the TRNC. The data collection tool was Concepts of Informatics and Student Opinion Survey on Cyber Crimes developed by Gozler and Tasci (2015). The 5 point Likert scale questionnaire consists of 16 items. Frequency, percentage and mean analysis was applied during the data analysis. It is clear that cybercrime awareness in Northern Cyprus has to be increased.
In this continuously moving and progressing word of technology the need of cyber security is increased interchangeably. The role of every individual is very important in securing cyber former consider to this as an additional dimension and also focus person has a potential target. By considering this, the discussion on cyber security become important and it has important implication because it focusses on the ethical part of society. It's not easy to deal with this issue as it addresses wide range of problems from cybercrime to online harassment to online frauds to overcome this issue several frameworks are introduced. In this paper we will review the techniques to deal with cyber issues, the areas where cybercrime are happening repeatedly, cybercrime as a global and national issue, sectors affected by cybercrime by studding this we will come to know that what are the challenges the society and corporate sector are facing related to cyber security along with the economy and politics. After knowing the challenges only, we can find out its solution, this problem as a whole has covered a large area so that we do have much scope to do research over it. Here we will review and analyze the limitation, challenges, techniques of securing cyber word.
The unfamiliarity of their surroundings and dependence on internet connections make international travellers particularly vulnerable to cybercrime. Travel medicine clinicians should be aware of the cybersecurity threats facing travellers and be able to recognize particularly vulnerable travellers. This article outlines these threats and provides advice to mitigate them.
While technological innovations over the last thirty years have markedly improved the ways in which people communicate and gather information, these advances have also led to computer crimes and related deviance becoming permanent fixtures in our society. In an effort to curtail internet offending, it is important for academics and practitioners alike to better understand why some individuals engage in cybercriminality. Criminologists have utilized several theories to investigate this type of deviance, including low self-control theory. However, the vast majority of this prior research has focused on a narrow scope of offending, namely digital piracy. The current study utilizes a sample of 488 undergraduate students to evaluate the theory's generality hypothesis by examining the extent to which low self-control predicts online deviance in general and beyond digital piracy more specifically. Study results support the generality hypothesis in that low self-control is related to non-digital piracy online deviance. Specific findings, policy implications, and directions for future research are discussed. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The increasing number of online transactions and other internet activities give rise to the proliferation of online scam. The Philippine National Police - Anti Cybercrime Group (PNP-ACG) reported an increasing number of complaints from a double digit figure in 2013 to a triple digit figure in 2017. The challenge of addressing this problem in the Philippines is shared by other developing countries in Southeast Asia and other parts of the world. Since 2013 when the PNP-ACG was established, cybercrime data continue to be accumulated but were not given much attention and significance in research. Previous studies highlight the importance of taking advantage of data mining. However, the absence of empirical studies on cybercrime analytics in the country connotes the lack of exploitation of data mining in facilitating cybercrime investigations. This study exploits Weka text mining tool in order to draw insights by classifying a given online scam dataset. Online scam unstructured data were considered as dataset containing a total of 14,098 mainly Filipino words. J48 Decision Tree, Naive Bayes, and Sequential Minimal Optimization were used to build classification models. All these three classifiers or algorithms were compared in terms of performance and prediction accuracy. The results show that J48 achieves the highest accuracy and the lowest error rate, followed by Naive Bayes and then the SMO classifier. Also, the responses during validation reveal that J48 is preferred over the other classifiers as it easy to understand and apply in cybercrime investigations. This demonstrates how text mining can assist the PNP-ACG in analyzing online scam criminal data as it also highlights the importance of employing data mining tools in the legal and criminal investigation domains in the Philippines. Further work can be carried out in the future using different and a more inclusive cybercrime datasets and other classification techniques in Weka or any other data mining tool, and other data mining tasks such as crime prevention and prediction, clustering, finding leads, trends and patterns of criminal activities, among others.
The evolution of mobile cellular communication has been growing rapidly from 1G to 4G. Unfortunately, with this technology comes an increasing risk of cellular cybercrime. This research proposed a novel methodology to reveal the cybercrime adversary's location by using radio cellular forensics. Several tests were conducted to validate the proposed methodology. This research also presented the digital evidence in a forensically sound manner to support the forensics investigators. Finally, it is concluded that the proposed methodology can be used as a reference for investigators, analysts, and police in cybercrime cases.
The purpose of the article is to study the legal regulation of cybersecurity in the context of digital transformation in modern Ukrainian society. To achieve this goal, the author uses the scientific methods of analysis, abstraction, synthesis, and content analysis, which made it possible to study the relevant scientific literature and determine the views of scholars on the problems of cybercrime and counteraction to it. The results show that the legal framework lags behind modern methods of cybercrime. Changes in legislation, including Ukrainian legislation, are sometimes partial, which does not help to solve the problem. A separate problem is the negative reaction of civil society to the introduction of additional restrictions on the functioning of the digital sphere in general. At the same time, the Ukrainian legal system already needs to be guided by European standards of cybersecurity, which would confirm the country's European integration aspirations. However, even this does not allow formulating a universal legal framework for combating cybercrime, as countering cybercrime with the use of state institutions, as in the example of the Kremlin regime's current policy, requires careful analysis due to the emergence of new challenges for law enforcement systems.
The primary purpose of this study was to examine the demographics and risk and needs associated with cyber-dependent offenders serving a term of community supervision in order to understand how they might be supervised most effectively. This study examined the risk and needs assessment results for 813 cyber-dependent offenders supervised by federal probation in the United States. Descriptive statistics were used to provide a portrait of the demographics and review their risk and needs scores. The analysis uncovered that cybercrime offenders on federal supervision were more often white, male, and 38.2 years old on average. In regards to risk and needs assessment, most cybercrime offenders scored as low risk to reoffend suggesting they require minimal supervision and services. Because most cybercrime offenders were low risk, they had few criminogenic needs yet the types of needs they had suggest this population might require different services than probation typically provides for offenders. This study addresses a neglected topic in the correctional rehabilitation literature and offers insight into a cybercrime subject with limited official data.
The objective of this study is to establish that individuals associated with diplomatic missions, such as diplomats and administrators, are not exempt from the jurisdiction of their home country's legal system. Therefore, the legal system of their home country can hold individuals occupying diplomatic positions accountable for any errors ascribed to them, in accordance with the stipulations delineated in the Civil Service Law and pertinent administrative rules. This accountability persists even if they are not subject to the laws of the host country, in accordance with the recognised rules of diplomatic judicial immunity. This study additionally investigates the difficulties and consequences of cybercrime, particularly in the setting of diplomatic missions. In order to accomplish this goal, the current study has utilised a methodological framework based on the discipline of jurisprudence. This entailed collecting data from several primary and secondary sources. The study utilised a blend of descriptive and comparative analytical approaches to investigate the legislation of many Arab countries and the French legal system. The study's conclusions suggest that national laws establish committees and bodies with explicit responsibilities for overseeing, disciplining, and enforcing sanctions. These procedures function based on the principle of gradualism, which regulates the legislative structure for administrative responsibility in diplomatic and consular missions. Competent authorities must abstain from any actions that could be interpreted as an abuse of power or a deviation from established protocols. Concurrently, we carefully attended to the unique attributes of these works in the field of diplomatic service. Moreover, it is important to mention that the host countries have the power to start legal actions against diplomatic agents in situations related to cybercrime, following their own domestic laws. The study concluded by defining the administrative tasks carried out by diplomatic missions, which are within the jurisdiction of the administrative judiciary. This control is established to ensure the efficient implementation of administrative activities and obligations within the host nation. This paper proposes several recommendations, emphasising the significance of promptly bestowing authority upon the administrative judiciary to attain beneficial outcomes.
This paper examines the impact of cybercrime and hacking events on equity market volatility across publicly traded corporations. The volatility influence of these cybercrime events is shown to be dependent on the number of clients exposed across all sectors and the type of the cyber security breach event, with significantly large volatility effects presented for companies who find themselves exposed to cybercrime in the form of hacking. Evidence is presented to suggest that corporations with large data breaches are punished substantially in the form of stock market volatility and significantly reduced abnormal stock returns. Companies with lower levels of market capitalisation are found to be most susceptible. In an environment where corporate data protection should be paramount, minor breaches appear to be relatively unpunished by the stock market. We also show that there is a growing importance in the contagion channel from cybersecurity breaches to markets volatility. Systematic weakness in the existent mechanisms for cybersecurity oversight and enforcement could be improved through the ring-fenced incentivisation of both current and ex-hackers. Their expertise is central to the identification of weak corporate cybersecurity practices.
There is a growing interest in using mathematical models to understand crime dynamics, crime prevention, and detection. The past decade has experienced a relative reduction in conventional crimes, but this has been replaced by significant increases in cybercrime. In this paper, we use deterministic modelling to describe the spread of cybercrime across a cyber-network by describing the heterogeneity of interactions between individuals using a nonlinear interaction between individuals in the network, and we allow criminals to operate either internally or externally to the cyber-network. We are able to determine the impact of the location of the criminal relative to the cyber-network which is being attacked. The model structure incorporates key elements of a social network structure thereby allowing for limited rates of victimisation. Both model structure and our observations are novel and provide a new contribution to the theoretical discussion of cybercrime dynamics, offering potential avenues to consider control strategies. Using steady-state analysis and extensive numerical simulations, we find that the location of criminals relative to the network does not impact the system qualitatively, although there are quantitative differences. Cyber-networks that are more clustered are likely to experience greater levels of cybercrime, but there is also a saturation effect that limits the level of victimisation as the number of criminals attempting to undertake crimes on given network increases. We discuss model limitations and describe how the model might be used with datasets to translate the theoretical findings into a useful tool in the fight to detect and eradicate cybercrime activity.
In today's fast changing world, cybercrimes are growing at perturbing pace. At the very definition of it, cybercrimes get engendered by capitalizing on threats and exploitation of vulnerabilities. However, recent history reveals that such crimes often come with surprises and seldom follow the trends. This puts the defense systems behind in the race, because of their inability to identify new patters of cybercrime and to ameliorate to the required levels of security. This paper visualizes the empowerment of security systems through real-time data mining by the virtue of which these systems will be able to dynamically identify patterns of cybercrimes. This will help those security systems stepping up their defense capabilities, while adapting to the required levels posed by newly germinating patterns. In order to confine within scope of this paper, the application of this approach is being discussed in the context of selected scenarios ofcybercrime.
Unlike traditional crime, cyberspace crimes are relatively new and constantly changing and law enforcement practices have not kept pace with the sophistication of emerging cybercrime. To fulfil their public safety mission of effectively addressing criminal activity, police as cyber investigators, need to acquire the necessary knowledge, skills, and capabilities to effectively manage a cybercrime investigation. To be successful in this area, criminal justice practitioners must be trained and educated to a level of competency to effectively respond, process, and present legally sufficient evidence for proving a cybercrime beyond a reasonable doubt. This study examined multiple sources of agency reports on cybercrime and cyber investigations to describe the growing cybercrime threat and discuss the contemporary challenges of cybercrime investigations created by the convergence of operational and jurisdictional demands.
The manosphere is a constellation of masculinist social media communities loosely unified by an anti-feminist worldview. Although extant journalism and social media scholarship successfully delineate the manosphere as a significant social problem by associating it with misogynist cybercrime and cyberhate, the resulting narrative simplistically pathologizes manosphere discourse while leaving its misogyny undertheorized. In this article, I complicate this emerging narrative by demonstrating how a certain central manosphere discourse qualitatively overlaps with a broader neoliberal ideology. I do so by further developing a critical discourse analysis of quasi-representative manosphere documents drawn from The Red Pill, a sub-forum of Reddit.com. Although this forum is explicitly devoted to discussing heterosexual seduction strategies, I find that it also produces a discursive means for fiscally conservative men to reconcile their pro-capitalist economic beliefs with apparent evidence of capitalism's destructive tendencies and contradictions. This forum's anti-feminist discourse implicitly parallels Marxian theory while explicitly supporting free market capitalism and denigrating women, thereby providing men with a linguistic and conceptual framework to scapegoat women for economic problems while leaving neoliberal ideas and assumptions unchallenged.
The TENSOR and SAINT projects, funded under the European Commision's financial instrument Horizon 2020, are developing cutting edge technologies and technical tools to fight serious and organised crime on the web. These projects are examined as a showcase to highlight the fact that technological advancements do not always adhere to Legal and Ethical Requirements. Compliance with a complex framework, consisting of European Union Regulations, Directives, National Laws, International Regulations and policies is mandatory for all cybercrime fighting solutions. The necessity of a harmonized regulatory framework for Law Enforcement Agencies across all member states is emphasized, especially in cases of cross-border cooperation. Current operational procedures of European cyber security practitioners are examined for similarities, legal adherence and effectiveness to suppress evolving cybercrime.
Cybercrime is considered an issue of both local and global concern. Therefore, this study focuses on the local experience in cybercrime control of different countries, including the Republic of Turkey. The article discusses issues in cybersecurity policy and analyzes the legislative framework of the Republic of Turkey on cybercrime issues. The findings underlie the continuing education policy for cybersecurity employees. The study concludes that Turkey handles the current cybercrime situation with efficiency. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
In recent times, the number of cybercrimes against cloud systems and services is rapidly growing. Although, there are numerous protection systems such as firewalls and intrusion detection and prevention system, and anti-viruses that are developed to protect cloud infrastructures and services from severe attacks, but still the risk of criminal activities exists. This lead to attract the attention of researchers and scientists around the world to digital forensic which is a science to aid law enforcement officers and digital investigator to identify, collect and analyze digital footprints or evidence which are collected from a crime scene. One of the significant sources of as a digital evidence in the cloud is log data because they frequently connect events in certain time. The process of log data forensics mitigates the investigation process by identifying the malicious behavior and reveal the hidden malicious activities. Cloud log analysis can help to reconstruct cybercrime events which occurred in the cloud. Traditional log data analysis procedures and tools can be adapted to cloud through using new fast on memory computing platforms such as Apache Spark. Spark is a general-purpose cluster-computing engine, which is very fast and reliable. This paper presents analysis approach for batch and stream log data using Apache Spark. The results show that Spark can be used as a fast platform for handling the diverse large size of log data and extract useful information that can assist digital investigators in the analysis immense amount of generated cloud log data in a given frame of time. Furthermore, the results can make provision to reconstruct and generate a timeline related to historical past sequence events occurred during a cloud crime as well as identify the malicious user's IP address, date and time, with a number of accesses.
Chapter Four delves deeply into human actors involved in underground cyber markets in order to better understand how they function and what social dynamics shape the behavior of users. In particular, this chapter focuses on markets where individuals sell cybercrime as a service, including malware, hacking services, Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks, and personal data. Through describing the structure and social ecosystem, the chapter provides insight into how actors deceive one another in order to gain competitive or economic advantage. Later, the chapter discusses trust dynamics and subcultural norms within underground cybercrime markets, particularly within the context of transactions. The chapter concludes by examining salient intercultural deception techniques among underground market interactants, such as virtual false flags, sock puppets, persuasive technology, and impersonation.
"This work addresses fundamental questions about the nature of cybercriminal organization. We investigate the organization of three underground forums: Blackhat World, Carders and L33tCrew to understand the nature of distinct communities within a forum, the structure of organization and the impact of enforcement, in particular banning members, on the structure of these forums. We find that each forum is divided into separate competing communities. Smaller communities are limited to 100-230 members, have a two-tiered hierarchy akin to a gang, and focus on a subset of cybercrime activities. Larger communities may have thousands of members and a complex organization with a distributed multi-tiered hierarchy more akin to a mob; such communities also have a more diverse cybercrime portfolio compared to smaller cohorts. Finally, despite differences in size and cybercrime portfolios, members on a single forum have similar operational practices, for example, they use the same electronic currency."
Economic forms of cybercrime affect millions of people around the world. Preparatory crimes such as spam, scam and malware are increasingly enacted by cybercriminals. However, literature has shown that some people are more vulnerable than others to these types of attacks and this may be a circumstance that varies cross-nationally. Using a comparative research design, behaviors that are associated with a higher probability of victimization by economic preparatory crimes are identified. The results obtained from two samples, one Spanish and one Australian, show that despite similar victimization prevalence, the correlates of routine activities vary substantially. While 6 of the 11 behaviors analyzed were similar, other substantial differences were found. The greatest risk for Spanish participants is online shopping, while for Australians it is downloading files. Differences were also found for use of antivirus, pirated software, contacting strangers and taking part in video conferences. Based on the current research, it is concluded that cyber victimization should focus on identifying nuances in the daily activities performed by online users, rather than on broader constructs such as interaction or visibility. Further, preventive strategies must take into account differences in routine behaviors across different geographical areas.
The current capabilities of many law enforcement agencies are tightly constrained despite the heightened level of awareness and concern for the role recent technology has in facilitating cybercrime and instances of online victimization. More specialized computer forensics and digital evidence training programs are necessary to meet the needs of local and state law enforcement agencies. Based on the context, this paper discusses an interdisciplinary approach to addressing this dilemma while providing in-depth computer forensics and cybercrime investigation training that is both informative and pragmatic to future law enforcement officers. Using pre- and post-test results, this study assesses students' technical background levels, reflecting comprehensive course learning objectives and pre-training levels of applied digital forensic investigation knowledge. Results suggest that students' technical abilities and knowledge of different investigative tools significantly improved after the program. In particular, the program not only strengthened students' knowledge of digital forensic investigation, but also helped students achieve higher t-test scores. We expect our study results to provide recommendations for cyber programs in other higher education institutions. The findings will serve as a guide for enhancing the current capacities of other higher education institutions to better serve their students in areas of computer forensics and digital evidence. In the long term, these efforts will lead to more effective cybercrime investigation and successful prosecutions, ultimately reducing cybercrime victimization.
This paper investigates the financial market effects of recent cybercriminality in cryptocurrency markets. Hacking events are found to increase both the price volatility of the targeted cryptocurrency and broad cross-cryptocurrency correlations. Further, cybercrime events significantly reduce price discovery sourced within the hacked currency relative to other cryptocurrencies. Finally, abnormal returns in the hours prior to the cybercrime event, revert to zero when news is publicly announced. (C) 2019 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Cybercrime has been regarded understandably as a consequent compromise that follows the advent and perceived success of the computer and internet technologies. Equally effecting the privacy, trust, finance and welfare of the wealthy and low-income individuals and organizations, this menace has shown no indication of slowing down. Reports across the world have consistently shown exponential increase in the numbers and costs of cyber-incidents, and more worriedly low conviction rates of cybercriminals, over the years. Stakeholders increasingly explore ways to keep up with containing cyber-incidents by devising tools and techniques to increase the overall efficiency of investigations, but the gap keeps getting wider. However, criminal profiling-an investigative technique that has been proven to provide accurate and valuable directions to traditional crime investigations-has not seen a widespread application, including a formal methodology, to cybercrime investigations due to difficulties in its seamless transference. This paper, in a bid to address this problem, seeks to preliminarily identify the exact benefits criminal profiling has brought to successful traditional crime investigations and the benefits it can translate to cybercrime investigations, identify the challenges posed by the cyber-scene to its implementation in cybercrime investigations, and proffer a practicable solution.
"Firms that aim to acquire a competitive advantage over their closest rivals frequently engage in anti-competitive and unfair commercial activities. Multiple firms rely on competition laws to safeguard their customers legally. The business competition legislation helps enterprises/SMEs build their market and business strategies more efficiently; nevertheless, not all firms implement an in-house compliance program that could benefit from the competition law. They are uninformed of the prerequisite tactics and practices that can contribute to competitive advantage and long-term viability. This article aimed to explore the scope and aims of Indonesia's competition strategy in light of the country's expanding trade and investment regime (Lloyd, 2000). The study evaluated the Indonesian competition laws and regulations in the context of a normative competition law theory framework and the execution of competition law provisions. Cases assessed by the Business Competition Supervisory Commission (KPPU) were also mentioned as evidence of alleged competition law violations. The study employed a documentation survey and exploratory research methodology to determine the applicable national, and international business competition laws and the underlying regulations companies must adhere to in terms of labor and wages, competition, trade tariffs, health and safety, the environment, and data protection. The research will have a positive social influence on the working relationships between SMEs and their stakeholders. The Commerce Competition Supervisory Commission's restricted authority may impact Indonesia's antitrust laws, especially those about the online industry (buying and selling). This article discusses and analyzes the competition laws in effect in Indonesia to safeguard consumer and societal interests."
The global Coronavirus pandemic has not only a social impact, by causing infections and deaths, but it has also shaped the economy at a global scale, having the potential to close entire cities or regions by installing quarantine, bankrupt small or unsustainable business, rise to commercial shortage certain industries, while causing a dramatic fall for others. The current paper illustrates how the coronavirus pandemic influenced different sectors causing the transition of certain activities to the virtual space. Cyberspace is not immune to these fast changes: public and private organization are now being forced to implement remote working solution for their employee. In this sense, the internet usage has increased exponentially. Thus, understanding the impact of the online transition and analysing the potential threats and their causes, is a crucial task for organisations in order to not be vulnerable to cyberattacks. As more and more users, with no basic knowledge in cyberdefence, are using public networks to pass sensitive information, cybersecurity has become more important than ever. Therefore, the current research outlines a set of cyber due diligence and cyber due care strategies that represent good practices for organisations in the context of crises.
Cybercriminals increasingly use sophisticated tools and advanced methods to attack bank systems. Cyber black markets for hacking tools or services are gaining widespread attention as more advanced persistent threat attacks are relevant to such markets. The recent cyber-attacks on banks or financial institutions have increased the technical expertise of cybercriminals. This study reviews ATM threats and highlights the cybercrime investigation of ATM heist. An incident investigation strategy from ISO/IEC 27043:2015 is proposed to embed cyber-attack phases and detect ATM heist. It demonstrates how this strategy can provide investigators with exceptional abilities to interpret evidence. By integrating an effective cybercrime investigation strategy, investigators can minimize the cost of collecting evidence in a forensically sound manner.
The Internet of Things (IoT) is the most secure platform for making human existence easier and more comfortable. IoT has made a big contribution to a variety of software programs. The rapid proliferation of smart devices, as well as their trust in data transfer and the use of Wi-Fi mechanics, has increased their vulnerability to cyber-attacks. As a result, the cost of cybercrime is rising every day. As a result, investigating IoT security threats and possible countermeasures can assist researchers in creating acceptable ways to deal with a variety of stressful scenarios in cybercrime research. The IoT framework, as well as IoT architecture, protocols, and technology, are all covered in this assessment research. Various protection issues at each tier, as well as correction strategies, are also detailed. In addition, this article discusses the use of IoT forensics in cybercrime investigations in a variety of areas, including cybercrime research, Artificial intelligence, system learning, cloud computing, fog computing, and blockchain technology all play a role in this discussion. Finally, some open research on challenging situations in IoT is detailed to enhance cybercrime investigations, providing a cutting-edge course for future research.
Research SummaryThis study utilized a quantitative analysis of 246 cyberattack incidents reported in the Extremist CyberCrime Database to identify significant predictors of nation-state-sponsored cyberattacks relative to those performed by non-nation-state-sponsored ideological actors. Clarke and Newman's Situational Crime Prevention framework for terrorism was used to identify differential opportunities to successfully affect targets on the basis of tools, weapons, and the ability to access targets in online settings. The analysis noted nation-state-sponsored attacks were less likely to use high-visibility attack methods and more likely to utilize attack methods leading to data breaches. In addition, they were more likely to target state governments and military entities relative to ideological actors.Policy ImplicationsNation-state attacks are more difficult to identify or mitigate while in process, requiring a more robust national cybersecurity policy framework to be implemented that moves beyond current practices. There is a need to better utilize all aspects of government, from legislation to grant funding, in order to deter cyberattacks from continuing into the future.
The exponential development in online social media allows users around the globe the possibility to share and communicate information and ideas freely in different formats of data via internet. This emerging media has become a dominant communication tool and it has been used as a communication channel in several events, especially The Arab Spring and BOSTON'S attack etc. In order to develop useful profiles of different cybercriminals, text mining techniques is an effective way to detect and predict criminal activities in microblog posts taking account the problems of data sparseness and semantic gap. The hashtags used on Twitter (e.g., #arabspring, #BostonAttack) contains outstanding indicators to detect events and trending topics especially to target and detect suspicious topics and eventual illegal events. Similarity approach is used in text analysis to detect suspicious posts in microblog publications. The evaluation of our proposed approach is done within real posts.
This PhD. Student works on researching nature and typification of cybercrime, how it affects the infrastructures that provide services to citizens. Strategic infrastructures are object of study. In addition, of these, the so-called critical infrastructures. The relationship between critical infrastructures with Smart Cities and these both with Smart G rids to achieve the goals in the best efficient way of governance. This doctoral thesis, also studies the reaction of the states to protect themselves from cybercrime and these infrastructures.
The ubiquity of cyber-incidents across individual and organizational realms suggests the inability of stakeholders to contain its pervasiveness. Reports across law enforcement, industry, and academia have corroborated this suggestion, with estimations of more explosive figures in the next couple of years. Insufficient investigative techniques, amongst others, have been identified as the stumbling block to effectively containing cybercrimes. Criminal profiling has recently been suggested by researchers as an investigative technique that could bring the immense value it has rendered in traditional crime investigations to cybercrime investigations. However, there have been a lot of difficulties encountered in the bid to apply this technique to cybercrime investigations, and researchers generally prefer to use more straightforward techniques. This paper seeks to highlight the technicalities of cybercrime that make the application of criminal profiling to its investigations such a difficult and dreadful undertaking. Recommendations are also provided about a probable solution to encourage more activity in this wanting area.
This exploratory study investigated the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the social isolation and potential cybersecurity risks of Alzheimer's and other dementia caregivers. Through interviews and focus groups with caregivers, we examined the isolation and risks of Alzheimer's caregivers relative to their caregiving responsibilities during the pandemic in Virginia. The results illustrated the general isolation, frustration and vulnerability of dementia caregivers - frustration with and vulnerability to the virus, lack of resources and supports, and to cybercrime. Most caregivers expressed frustration with losing supports and services during the pandemic, not knowing what services were available or how to access them, and wanting virtual supports on their terms (e.g. where and when they needed them, how often, etc.). Virtual supports that did not meet their needs also increased their vulnerability to stress and isolation. While many caregivers understood their risks for cybercrime, they perceived themselves as lacking some technological knowledge needed to remain safe thus adding to stress and caregiving burden. The results show the need for training/education and general information about how to protect those who may be caring for others from cybercrime. Screening tools to identify those at risk for cybercrime would also be useful.
"Repeat victimization has been widely studied from the perspective of environmental criminology for several decades. During this period, criminologists have identified a set of repeat victimization premises that are observed for many crimes; however, it is unknown whether these premises are also valid for cybercrime. In this study we rely on more than 9 million Zone-H data records from 2010 to 2017 to test whether these premises apply for the cybercrime of website defacement. We show that the phenomenon of repeat victimization is also observed in defaced cyber places (i.e. websites). In particular, we found that repeats contributed little to crime rates, that repeats occurred even several years after the original incident, that they were committed disproportionately by prolific offenders, and that few offenders returned to victimize previous targets. The results suggest that some traditional premises of repeat victimization may also be valid for understanding cybercrime events such as website defacement, implying that environmental criminology theories also constitute a useful framework for cybercrime analysis. The implications of these results in terms of criminological theory, cybercrime prevention, and the limitations derived from the use of Zone-H data are discussed."
With the advancement of technology and smartphones, most of the transactions are performed online. This increased dependence on online transactions has resulted in the perpetration of cyber-crime. Any crime committed using electronic gadgets can be termed as Cybercrime. Cybercrime revenues are estimated at 1.5 trillion dollars for the year 2018. Lack of awareness in Cybercrime vigilance and reporting leads to many such crimes going unreported. This paper gives an insight into types of Cybercrime and reporting mechanism. A model has been proposed which would remove the bottlenecks of existing mechanism and lead to effective cyber-crime investigation. The paper would be of immense help to the stakeholders such as online users, investigative agencies and cyber-crime researchers.
In this paper, the decision-making processes of victims during ransomware attacks were analysed. Fortyone ransomware attacks using qualitative data collected from organisations and police officers from cybercrime units in the UK were examined. The hypothesis tested in this paper is that victims carefully analyse the situation before deciding whether to pay a ransom. This research confirms that victims often weigh the costs and benefits of interventions before making final decisions, and that their decisions are based on a range of reasons. As ransomware attacks become more prevalent globally, the findings should be highly relevant to those developing guidance and policies to prevent or minimise ransom payments. (c) 2022 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Uncovering attacks on data and computer systems and those responsible for them is one of the contemporary problems that the authorities involved in criminal proceedings have to deal with. Where this sort of cybercrime is concerned we can expect not only high levels of latency but also a low clearup rate for crimes on file. This paper demonstrates this using the example of the Czech Republic, by providing an analysis of all cases of this type of cybercrime dealt with by courts between 2008 and 2016. It focuses in particular on proceedings concerned with illegal access and data and system interference. The cybercrimes that are brought to court in the Czech Republic is not representative of the cybercrime committed in the Czech Republic either in terms of its type or its extent. The cases dealt with by the courts are primarily connected with personal relationships and the Internet. The most frequent type of case thus concerns the misuse of passwords for accessing social networking sites or e-mail inboxes. We were also surprised to find that the courts had begun to apply facts relevant to cybercrime cases in cases involving the manual manipulation of gambling machines. The Czech Republic has evidently not yet found a way of demonstrating criminals' guilt in more complex cybercrime cases. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
"This paper provides the first exploration of the online distribution of fake Australian COVID-19 vaccine certificates. Drawing on a collection of 2589 posts between five distributors and their community members on the alt-tech platform Gab, this study gathers key insights into the mechanics of illicit vaccine certificate distribution. The qualitative findings in this research demonstrate the various motivations and binding ideologies that underpinned this illicit distribution (e.g. anti-vaccine and anti-surveillance motivations); the unique cybercultural aspects of this online illicit network (e.g. 'crowdsourcing' the creation of fake vaccine passes); and how the online community was used to share information on the risks of engaging in this illicit service, setting the appropriate contexts of using fake vaccine passes, and the evasion of guardians in offline settings. Implications for future research in cybercrime, illicit networks, and organised crime in digital spaces are discussed."
Up-to-date studies and surveys regarding IT security show, that companies of every size and branch nowadays are faced with the growing risk of cybercrime. Many tools, standards and best practices are in place to support enterprise IT security experts in dealing with the upcoming risks, whereas meanwhile especially small and medium sized enterprises (SMEs) feel helpless struggling with the growing threats. This article describes an approach, how SMEs can attain high quality assurance whether they are a victim of cybercrime, what kind of damage resulted from a certain attack and in what way remediation can be done. The focus on all steps of the analysis lies in the economic feasibility and the typical environment of SMEs.
Money mules play an essential role in the execution of financially-motivated cybercrimes. The bank accounts of money mules, who are often young individuals, are used to hide and launder stolen money, allowing members of cybercriminal networks to maintain their anonymity. In order to better understand the pathways that lead to cybercrime, this explorative study aims to map the experiences and perceptions of Dutch young people related to money muling. To this end, an online survey was administered among more than 3,000 individuals, aged between 16 and 25. Our analysis showed that almost ten percent of the respondents have been approached by money mule recruiters at some point. Most were contacted online via social media platforms, such as Snapchat and Instagram, but also offline, by their peers at school or by acquaintances or friends. Less than one percent of the respondents confessed to have actually been a money mule. The respondents' awareness about the risks connected to money muling was rather low and they seemed to underestimate the consequences of being a money mule, which makes them vulnerable to recruiters. Some young people also find it normal to be approached by recruiters and acceptable for others to use their bank accounts.
In our highly digitalized society, cybercrime has become a common crime. However, because research into cybercriminals is in its infancy, our knowledge about cybercriminals is still limited. One of the main considerations is whether cybercriminals have higher intellectual capabilities than traditional criminals or even the general population. Although criminological studies clearly show that traditional criminals have lower intellectual capabilities, little is known about the relationship between cybercrime and intelligence. The current study adds to the literature by exploring the relationship between CITO-test scores and cybercrime in the Netherlands. The CITO final test is a standardized test for primary school students - usually taken at the age of 11 or 12 - and highly correlated with IQ-scores. Data from Statistics Netherlands were used to compare CITO-test scores of 143 apprehended cybercriminals with those of 143 apprehended traditional criminals and 143 non-criminals, matched on age, sex, and country of birth. Ordinary Least Squares regression analyses were used to compare CITO test scores between cybercriminals, traditional criminals, and non-criminals. Additionally, a discordant sibling design was used to control for unmeasured confounding by family factors. Findings reveal that cybercriminals have significantly higher CITO test scores compared to traditional criminals and significantly lower CITO test scores compared to non-criminals.
Cybercrimes can result in very significant and far reaching adverse effects. As threats evolve continuously and perpetrators become increasingly sophisticated, fighting cybercrime is a growing challenge for stakeholders. Legal measures play an essential role in the fight against cybercrime. In the first part of this paper, we look into categories of cybercrime and outline the security attributes associated with computer systems. The second part of the paper discusses the Romanian criminal law measures aimed at preventing and combating cybercrime. We conclude this paper with recommendations.
Computer crimes and digital investigations comprise a substantial part of criminal policy, law and practice as information becomes the cornerstone of global economy. Innovative ways of attacking, exploiting and interfering with computer and communication technologies are regularly emerging, posing increasing threats to the society, economy and security. It is essential that in tackling cybercrime the right legal framework of offences is in place and that there is clarity in how the powers that are used to investigate cybercrime interact with the offences designed to catch cyber criminals. This paper reviews the current legal framework to cyber dependent crimes in the UK, including its recent amendments, and highlights areas that remain problematic and in need of attention from policymakers.
"Phishing, the fraudulent attempt to obtain sensitive information by disguising oneself as a trustworthy entity via electronic communication, has quickly evolved beyond low-skill schemes that relied on casting a wide net. Spear phishing attacks target a particular high-value individual utilizing sophisticated techniques. This study aims to describe the current state of phishing, the expected technological advances and developments of the near future, and the best prevention and enforcement strategies. Data comes from interviews with approximately 60 information technology security professionals, hackers, and academic researchers. Routine Activity Theory provided an operational framework; while it is an imperfect fit for most crimes, it provides enough explanatory power for cyber-crimes. Interviewees mainly agreed: First, technological advances increase the proliferation of phishing attacks, but also aid in their detection. It has never been easier to conduct a simple attack, but a good attack requires more effort than ever before. Second, phishing is directly responsible financial fraud and, indirectly, as the primary attack vector for ransomware. Third, newer types of attacks utilizing technology, like deepfakes, will make the problem worse in the short-term. Fourth, prevention will come from machine learning and public education akin to WIFI security improvement via the combination of encryption and password awareness."
"Cryptoviruses are the one of the most important threats to cybersecurity nowadays. Cryptoviruses penetrate into computer systems through vulnerabilities and encrypt important files using symmetric key-based encryption algorithms with variable key length (Rijndael and Blowfish). Global cryptoviral attacks began last year: WannaCry in May, NotPetya in June; BadRabbit in October (Kaspersky Lab, 2017). Viruses spread automatically and forced information owners to pay a fee for the description. Mentioned viruses were created on the basis of the virus developments of the US National Security Agency (EternalBlue, DoublePulsar), stolen by the hacker group TheShadowBrokers. Counteraction to such global cybercrimes is possible only with joint efforts of most countries. The unification of criminal legislation on cybercrime of all participating countries including the criminal codes of Russia and Slovenia is required. At the present time, such cybercrime as cryptovirus extortion is not found in the legislation or in the law enforcement practice of most countries."
Botnets currently pose the most serious threat to the digital ecosystem, providing an infrastructure that enables bank fraud, distributed denial of service attacks (DDoS), and click fraud. During the past few years, three main approaches have been used to fight botnets. First, police organizations have periodically arrested prominent hackers and scammers, hoping such high-profile operations would have a deterrent effect. Second, Microsoft has performed a number of takedowns, using an innovative blend of legal and technical means that attempt to disrupt botnet operations and reduce their profitability. Third, some countries - Japan, South Korea, Australia, the Netherlands, and Germany - encourage harm reduction strategies that rely on public-private partnerships involving internet service providers, anti-virus companies, and regulatory authorities. This article describes these three approaches (incapacitation, disruption, and harm reduction), the challenges they face, and their respective effectiveness in protecting the digital ecosystem from large-scale online harm.
A recent emerging trend in the underground economy is malware dissemination as a service. Complex botnet infrastructures are developed to spread and install malware for third-party customers. In this research work, a botnet forensic investigation model is proposed to investigate and analyze large-scale botnets. The proposed investigation model is applied to a real-world law-enforcement investigation case that involves investigation of a large-scale malware dissemination botnet called BredoLab. The results of the forensic investigation show the effectiveness of the proposed model in assisting law-enforcement to conduct a successful forensic analysis of BredoLab botnet and its related resources.
The Internet has become an increasingly attractive location for collecting data about cyber threats, driven by the abundance of quality data available and accessible online. As such, researchers and practitioners have turned to automated data collection technologies (ADCT), including 'web crawlers' and 'web scrapers', to study these threats. The rapid proliferation of ADCT has meant directions for their ethical and legal operation have been slow to adapt, with no clear guidelines regulating their use for research. This article identifies the relevant ethical and legal frameworks guiding the deployment of ADCT in Australia for cybersecurity research. This is accomplished through a systematic review of research within this context, coupled with ethical and jurisprudential analysis. We argue that the use of ADCT can be both ethical and legal, but only where mitigating measures are implemented. We provide a series of practical directions to guide researchers and practitioners when navigating this novel terrain.
Cybercrime tackling is a major challenge for Law Enforcement Agencies (LEAs). Traditional digital forensics and investigation procedures are not coping with the sheer amount of data to analyse, which is stored in multiple devices seized from distinct, possibly-related cases. Moreover, inefficient information representation and exchange hampers evidence recovery and relationship discovery. Aiming at a better balance between human reasoning skills and computer processing capabilities, this paper discusses how semantic technologies could make cybercrime investigation more efficient. It takes the example of online banking fraud to propose an ontology aimed at mapping criminal organisations and identifying malware developers. Although still on early stage of development, it reviews concepts to extend from well-established ontologies and proposes novel abstractions that could enhance relationship discovery. Finally, it suggests inference rules based on empirical knowledge which could better address the needs of the human analyst.
While traditional crime rates are decreasing, cybercrime is on the rise. As a result, the criminal justice system is increasingly dealing with criminals committing cyber-dependent crimes. However, to date there are no effective interventions to prevent recidivism in this type of offenders. Dutch authorities have developed an intervention program, called Hack_Right. Hack_Right is an alternative criminal justice program for young first-offenders of cyber-dependent crimes. In order to prevent recidivism, this program places participants in organizations where they are taught about ethical hacking, complete (technical) assignments and reflect on their offense. In this study, we have evaluated the Hack_Right program and the pilot interventions carried out thus far. By examining the program theory (program evaluation) and implementation of the intervention (process evaluation), the study adds to the scarce literature about cybercrime interventions. During the study, two qualitative research methods have been applied: 1) document analysis and 2) interviews with intervention developers, imposers, implementers and participants. In addition to the observation that the scientific basis for linking specific criminogenic factors to cybercriminals is still fragile, the article concludes that the theoretical base and program integrity of Hack_Right need to be further developed in order to adhere to principles of effective interventions.
The Internet and computer-mediated communications (CMCs) have drastically changed the way that individuals communicate and share information across the globe. Over the last two decades, financial institutions, private industry, and governments have come to rely on technology in order to access sensitive data and manage critical infrastructure, such as electrical power grids. As a consequence, the threat posed by cybercriminals has increased dramatically and afforded significant opportunities for terrorist groups and extremist organizations to further their objectives. The complex and intersecting nature of both crime and terror make it difficult to clearly separate these issues, particularly in virtual environments, due to the anonymous nature of CMCs and challenges to actor attribution. Thus, this study examines the various definitions for physical and cyberterror and the ways that these activities intersect with cybercrime. In addition, the ways that terrorists and extremist groups use the Internet and CMCs to recruit individuals, spread misinformation, and gather intelligence on various targets are discussed. Finally, the uses of computer hacking tools and malware are explored as a way to better understand the relationship between cybercrime and terror.
The aim of the current study was to analyze the cybercrimes and violations of intellectual property law on the indigenous Papuans in Indonesia, particularly when technology and innovations are spreading fast in Papua. The study makes a thorough literature review in this regard in order to ensure a maximum outreach to information present on the factors and characteristics that enhance cybercrimes and that lead to violations of intellectual property laws. A qualitative non-empirical legal research approach was used in this study, according to which extraction of information and data was done from various legal documents, cases and laws from Papua, Indonesia. The current laws, regulations and policies protecting intellectual property laws against cybercrime were also analyzed, discussed and their shortcomings were presented and defined. A few recommendations were also provided for the betterment of the security of intellectual property laws against cybercrime in Papua, Indonesia. There is a requirement of novel comprehensive cybercrime law that significantly focuses on all different methods in which the intellectual property rights are now violated.
Crime prevention through environmental design (CPTED) is a non-punitive method for reducing crime through the design of the built environment. The relevance of CPTED strategies, however, is less clear in the context of computing environments. Building upon prior research indicating that computing environments may change computer users' behaviors, this study tests the effectiveness of CPTED-based approaches in mitigating system-trespassing events. Findings from this randomized controlled field trial demonstrate that specific CPTED strategies can mitigate hacking events by reducing the number of concurrent activities on the target computer, attenuating the number of commands typed in the attacked computer, and decreasing the likelihood of hackers returning to a previously hacked environment. Our findings suggest some novel and readily implemented strategies for reducing cybercrime.
"Without a comprehensive cybercrime law, it is difficult for any country to prevent cybercrimes. Cybercrimes are committed using Internet and information technology related tools. This paper highlights how a few constructs such as conventional views of cybercrime; information about the types of cybercrime available at community level; role of the cyber police and use of information technology for its investigation can assist in framing constitutional laws to prevent cybercrimes in Indonesia. In a qualitative framework, using document survey as the research tool, this study describes how the constitutional law should control and guide the transmission of the conventional view about cybercrimes at the community level. It also suggests measures to interpret and assist in the investigation of any problems and inequalities, with the help of cyber police and information technology aids. The results and findings reveal that the current Indonesian laws related to prevention of cybercrimes are inadequate and require over-hauling. There is a need to judge how cyber criminals execute crimes and prepare legal clauses and provisions accordingly to curb them. The study findings will be a good source of reference for lawmakers and other experts who could be benefited with the recommendations of this study"
Cyber black markets for hacking tools or services are gaining widespread attention as more advanced persistent threat attacks are relevant to such markets. In July 2016, the ATM heist of Taiwan First bank is based on well-known Carberp malware family, which is available for sharing, sale or cooperation on such markets. This study reviews organizational cybercrime activities and ATM threats, and proposes an ICT governance framework in online ATM heist management. This framework further points out capable people, efficient process, effective technology, and data governance. This framework is potentially useful for cybercrime prevention.
The increasing use of a variety of devices that can access the Internet has contributed to the overall growth of Internet use. The growth of Internet use also leads to a general increase in cybercrime concerns as well as the number of users' victims of this permanent threat. This reality is also very present in Portugal where there is a sense of lack of control and combat of this kind of cyber-threats. In this context, it is important to know some indicators associated with cybercrime, in order to take the best measures/actions in a reasoned way, to combat this phenomenon. This article presents the results of a study carried out in 2017 by the European Commission, whose analysis helps to understand the Portuguese positioning in the concerns and experiences about cybercrime, in relation to the average of the European Community citizens. Analysing this study, it was possible to perceive that the Portuguese's concerns about cybercrime are in line with the average of the European citizens, although the percentage of Portuguese experienced these attacks is, for now, below average. Based on these results, it is possible to identify some public policies that aim to mitigate this phenomenon.
Criminological inquiry consistently identifies a gender difference in offending rates, which are also evident among certain forms of cybercrime. The gender difference in cybercrime offending is particularly large within computer hacking, though few have specifically addressed this issue through applications of criminological theory. The current study attempted to account for the gender disparity in hacking through a test of power-control theory, which considers the role of class and family structure. This analysis also incorporated an extension of power-control theory through the influence of low self-control. Using data from the Second International Self-Report of Delinquency study (ISRD-2), logistic regression analyses were estimated, producing partial support for both theories to account for hacking. Implications for theory and research were explored in detail.
This review article highlights the current state of cybercrime scholarship published by criminologists in the areas of computer hacking, malware, fraud, and various economically motivated offenses. Areas for future study are identified and explored in detail.
At the fortieth anniversary of reform and opening-up, the socialist market economy reform has entered a deep-water area. With the rapid development of economy and society, the demand for material and cultural resources has been expanding, coupled with the explosive growth of information brought by the rapid development of the Internet, complex social life has brought psychological and material impacts on young people who are far from mature. Under the new situation, juvenile delinquency has entered an unprecedented stage. The total number of juvenile delinquency has been rising, and the proportion of juvenile delinquency in the total number of criminal of fences in China has remained high, which has attracted wide attention from all walks of life. Therefore, this paper chooses domestic juvenile delinquency as the research object under the new situation.
India has witnessed an exponential growth of internet users in the recent years and the cybercrime which resulted as unavoidable byproduct of greater internet usages, has also witnessed an exponential growth. User's Internet habits play an important role in cybercrime victimization. In the present study, a cross- sectional study was done among various sections of internet users in the district of Gautambuddh Nagar, Uttar Pradesh. Cyber awareness, cybercrime victimization, exposer to motivated offenders (internet hours per day), online security measure awareness, popularity of social media platforms, sources of online information and online habits of the internet users were examined for ascertaining the presence of gendered differences (if any). Cyber awareness in females was found to be significantly more than the males in seven items out of the twelve items of the cyber awareness construct. Majority of the respondents felt that women were soft target of cybercrimes. Males outnumbered the females significantly in watching pornographic content online. Males were found significantly exposed more to internet than the males. Females were found to be significantly less aware than males as far as online security measures were concerned. Males were found to be using social media sites significantly more than the females. Gendered differences were also found between accessing the sources of online information.
Cybercrime and cybersecurity are like two sides of the same coin: They are opposites but cannot exist without each other. Their mutual relation generates a myriad of ethical issues, ranging from minor to vital. The rapid development of technology will surely involve even more ethical concerns, like the infamous example of a fitness tracking company allegedly paying $10 million worth of ransom. Every cybersecurity solution, tool, or practice has to be ethical by design if it is to protect people and their rights. To identify the ethical issues that cybersecurity/cybercrime might bring about in the future, we conducted the first broad and comprehensive horizon-scanning study since the COVID-19 pandemic arose. As we began this project, nobody had the slightest idea that the coming months would bring the COVID-19 pandemic, and that the reality we had known was about to change dramatically. As it soon became apparent, the deadly coronavirus brought completely new cybersecurity/cybercrime ethical dilemmas to light, and some of the ones known before were transformed or shifted. This article presents the results of our horizon-scanning study concerning the ethical dilemmas that emerged amid the COVID-19 pandemic. (c) 2021 Kelley School of Business, Indiana University. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
"The purpose of the article is to study the theoretical foundations and applied recom-mendations for the development of international law in the context of economic and legal analysis of financial measures to combat cybercrime in the global environment. Based on the results of the research, it was found that the development of international law is under the influence of significant destabilizing factors of a legal, political, eco-nomic and social nature and has a significant impact on the financial and economic system of the country because a specific share of cybercrimes is related to the commis-sion of offences in the financial and economic system. The low level of effectiveness of international law in regulating legal relations financial and economic nature in cyber-space was revealed. The intensification of economic crime has been proven in the virtual environment has been proven. As a result of research carried out by the countries of the European Union and Ukraine regarding the identification of trends in the interna-tional legal regulation of the system of financial measures against cyber risks and mod-ern cyber threats, as well as the formation of methods and measures for combating economic cybercrime, it was established that among the countries selected for analysis, three groups are distinguished, characterized by common signs: highly developed coun-tries (Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Ireland, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Germany, Por-tugal, Finland, Sweden), where the high indicators of ensuring the protection of cyber-space against criminal encroachments of a financial and economic nature are positioned, however, there are certain problems that need to be solved; developing countries (Slo-venia, Estonia, Spain, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, France, Slovakia, the Czech Re-public), where high indicators of cyberspace protection are positioned, however, there are certain problems that need to be solved; developing countries (Bulgaria, Greece, Italy, Cyprus, Romania, Hungary, Croatia, Ukraine), in which there are significant prob-lems of ensuring cyber security and economic and legal regulation of systemic counter-action to cyber risks and cyber threats, arising in the financial and economic sphere. Ways to strengthen the influence of international law on the system of financial coun-termeasures against cybercrime are proposed, namely: improvement of international law norms on increasing the level of cyber security of the financial and economic sphere of the state based on the innovative development of information technologies and the convergence of artificial intelligence technologies; strengthening of international legal regulation of economic aspects of activity and protection of producers of information and communication technologies; strengthening the protection of information flows containing information on the implementation of financial and economic transactions in cyberspace"
This paper contributes to current debates on the policing of Internet fraud by introducing the Saudi Arabian experience. Drawing on field research in the capital city, Riyadh, it assesses the extent to which the Saudi policing response to Internet fraud fits in with contemporary debates on cybercrime control within a late-modern penal framework as theorised in Western literature. It is argued that the only way in which Saudi cybercrime control strategies can be aligned with those followed by Western authorities is in relation to the state's expressive gestures'. In contrast, there is little evidence of plural policing involving networks of calculation deploying instrumental ordering practices and risk-prediction technologies. In addition to the limited relevance in an autocratic society such as Saudi Arabia of the ideological, socio-economic and political conditions that facilitated the emergence of plural policing in Western societies, the Saudi police organisation also appeared unready to engage in networked policing of Internet fraud.
The aim of the article is to analyze current trends in the development of cyber insurance. The following methods of scientific research were used in the preparation of the article: generalization, correlation analysis, comparative analysis. The authors analyze in detail the main trends in the spread of cybercrime. The correlation analysis between the number of registered cybercrimes in a particular country and its GDP, the number of business entities, indicated the lack of correlation between the studied indicators. It states that the most common types of cybercrime are: hacking, unauthorized access, accidental exposure, insider and physical theft. The sectoral analysis of the distribution of cybercrime has revealed a decrease in the share of financial companies while increasing the share of health care companies. It is noted that cyber insurance is one of the effective preventive measures that minimize the negative effects of cybercrime intervention. The article presents segmentation of the cyber insurance market by geography and size of insurance companies. The results of the analysis showed the dominance of US companies in the cyber insurance market. It is stated that the sectoral distribution of cybersecurity policy purchasers in general follows the trends of the sectoral distribution of cybercrime. The volume of cyber insurance, expenses of insured legal entities is analyzed. The main trends in the development of cyber insurance have been identified. The factors that hold back the development of cyber risk insurance have been identified. The main ones include the following: high level of information entropy in the process of cyber risk assessment, lack of a single standard for filling insurance services in the field of cyber insurance. It is noted that in the medium term the cyber insurance market is prospective for insurance companies. This is caused by the increasing scale of cyber threats and the costs associated with cyberattacks.
In a landmark nondecision last term, five Justices of the United States Supreme Court would have held that citizens possess a Fourth Amendment right to expect that certain quantities of information about them will remain private, even if they have no such expectations with respect to any of the information or data constituting that whole. This quantitative approach to evaluating and protecting Fourth Amendment rights is certainly novel and raises serious conceptual, doctrinal, and practical challenges. In other works, we have met these challenges by engaging in a careful analysis of this mosaic theory and by proposing that courts focus on the technologies that make collecting and aggregating large quantities of information possible. In those efforts, we focused on reasonable expectations held by the people that they will not be subjected to broad and indiscriminate surveillance. These expectations are anchored in Founding-era concerns about the capacity for unfettered search powers to promote an authoritarian surveillance state. Although we also readily acknowledged that there are legitimate and competing governmental and law enforcement interests at stake in the deployment and use of surveillance technologies that implicate reasonable interests in quantitative privacy, we did little more. In this Article, we begin to address that omission by focusing on the legitimate governmental and law enforcement interests at stake in preventing, detecting, and prosecuting cyberharassment and healthcare fraud.
Network disruption has become commonplace in Ethiopia in the past few years. Be it for preventing exam leaks, the spread of disinformation, or to fight off cyber-attacks, the government has repeatedly disrupted communication networks. However, the legal basis with which the government often shuts down the Internet or disrupts other means of digital communications remains unclear. Despite a recent attempt by the Federal Attorney General to offer some legal justification, the legality of network disruptions under Ethiopia law is questionable. This short article considers the legality of network disruptions under Ethiopian law. Having rejected the legal justifications of the Attorney General, this article argues that the current cybercrime legislation offers a rather sound legal basis for certain forms of network disruption in Ethiopia. It further considers the pertinence of rules dealing with network disruption introduced in the cybercrime Bill (2020). The article suggests that the Bill's network disruption rules are mostly progressive, but there remains the need for a freestanding legal framework equipped with appropriate safeguards against arbitrary practices.
The objective of this paper is to assess the validity and reliability of a questionnaire proposed for measuring fear of crime. Following extensive theoretical research in the field, the questionnaire was operationalised and defines fear of crime in three components: cognitive, affective and behavioural. It extends the measurement of the traditional fear of crime in the physical environment to the fear of cybercrime. The data were collected from 207 citizens of the city of Ljubljana. Convergent and discriminant validity were assessed by exploratory and confirmatory factor analysis. Reliability was assessed by Cronbach alpha and by Composite reliability. The measurement instrument exhibited good measurement characteristics. All three components of fear of crime had two dimensions - ordinary and cybercrime. To date, no consensus on the instrument to be used to measure fear of crime has been reached by researchers. Several measures that are used pertain to ordinary crime only - they omit the fear of cybercrime, lack information on validity and reliability, and tend to measure just the affective component of fear of crime. The proposed questionnaire attempts to overcome these shortcomings.
This reply to Valverde seeks to examine what she means by speaking of the logics of security. After critiquing the elements she uses to characterize such projects it then applies her approach to the examples of fighting cybercrime and creating global social indicators.
The relative glut of data on cybercriminal forums has led to a growing understanding of the functioning of these virtual marketplaces. But with a focus on illicit online trading, less attention has been paid to the structures of groups that carry out cybercrimes in an operational sense. In economic parlance, some such groups may be known as firms. This concept has been a significant part of the literature on more traditional forms of organised crime, but is not widely discussed in the cybercrime discourse. The focus of this article is, by way of a case study of the Gozi malware group, to explore the applicability of the concept of firms to the novel environment of cybercrime.
In this article we approach the problem of attributing a cyberattack to real world actors, and the social context of the problem. The basic premise is that while it is socially acceptable to assign attribution of cybercrime after the act, society expects law enforcement to attribute the possibility of cyberterrorist acts to perpetrators in advance, and to disrupt them in the making. This blends the cyberattack attribution problem with the much wider problem of fighting terrorism and organized cybercrime, far beyond the limits of cyber understood as the fifth domain of warfare. The main contribution of the paper is identifying research gaps and attributing complexities derived from key problems such as offline criminal activity, as well as practical difficulties in researching cybercrime and cyberterrorism. To get to those conclusions, we analysed the attribution problem from the point of view of the perpetrator, using the SWOT methodology, which gave us insight on tactics of cyberattacks that give the most protection against attribution and prosecution, which led us to identifying current research gaps.
Objectives: Investigate the relationship between thoughtfully reflective decision-making (TRDM) and computer-focused cyber deviance involvement and computer-focused cybercrime victimization. Method: Survey data collected from samples of 1,039 employees and 418 students at a large private university were analyzed using ordinary least squares and negative binomial regression to test the effects of TRDM on computer-focused cyber deviance involvement and victimization. Results: TRDM reduces computer-focused cyber deviance involvement and computer-focused cybercrime victimization across measures and samples. The sensitivity analyses also indicated that TRDM is a more robust predictor of cyber deviance involvement than victimization. The results from moderation analyses showed that, whereas protective effects of TRDM are invariant across genders, they are less salient among older employees for the scenario-based measure of cybercrime victimization. Conclusions: Individual-level cognitive decision-making processes are important in predicting computer-focused cyber deviance involvement and victimization. These results can inform the development of targeted institutional and criminal justice policies aimed at reducing computer-focused cybercrime.
Cybercriminals are commonly assumed to engage in cybercrime for monetary rewards. Like traditional offenders, they must launder their illicit proceeds to obscure the permanent trails in online environments. The mainstream narrative argues that these offenders engage in complex money laundering schemes because of the use of new technologies. However, empirical research on the money laundering activities associated with cybercrime has been scarce. To address this knowledge gap, the present study analyzes money laundering transactions from 182 Bitcoin addresses belonging to 56 members of the Conti ransomware group using blockchain analysis. The results show that offenders are quite unsophisticated when laundering their illicit proceeds. Most of the addresses transact directly with an entity (52%) and concentrate 80% or more of the illicit proceeds in one singular service (69%). In terms of destinations, exchanges and dark web services are the preferred choices, being involved in 71% and 30% of the transactions respectively. Conversely, the use of mixers is more limited (8%). There are significant differences in money laundering strategies used by offenders based on the amounts of illicit proceeds to launder. Implications for research and policy are discussed.
The central question of this article is: To what extent and how do the needs of victims of cybercrime deviate from the needs of victims of traditional offline offenses? In total, 19 victims and 22 experts were interviewed. Our study shows that victims of online offenses have the same needs as victims of traditional offenses: ranging from emotional or financial needs to information needs. However, victims? needs are often not met. Victims state that in most cases, they are not acknowledged as a victim, that no statement is recorded by the police, or no investigation is started.
Previous research suggests a link between Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and criminal behaviour. The present study explored the relationship between ADHD symptoms and cyberdeviance. 170 participants completed an online questionnaire measuring computer crime behaviour, ADHD symptoms, and impulsivity. A statistically significant relationship was found between Cyberdeviance, ADHD symptoms and impulsivity. Regression analysis showed that hyperactivity and gender (male) could predict self-reported computer crime. Our findings suggest a role of individual differences in cybercrime, thus leading to the development of potential interventions and preventive mechanisms.
At the beginning of the twenty-first century, before the power of online social networking became apparent, several studies speculated about the likely structure of organised cybercrime. In the light of new data on cybercriminal organisations, this paper sets out to revisit their claims. This paper examines the structure of organised cybercrime by analysing data from online underground markets previously in operation over the Internet. In order to understand the various structures of organised cybercrime which have manifested, theories are drawn from social psychology, organised crime and transaction cost economics (TCE). Since the focus is on how uncertainty is mitigated in trading among cybercriminals, uncertainty is treated as a cost to the transactions and is used as the unit of analysis to examine the mechanisms cybercriminals use to control two key sources of uncertainty: the quality of merchandise and the identity of the trader. The findings indicate that carding forums facilitate organised cybercrime because they offer a hybrid form of organisational structure that is able to address sources of uncertainty and minimise transaction costs to an extent that allows a competitive underground market to emerge. The findings from this study can be used to examine other online applications that could facilitate the online underground economy.
This is a brief comment on a meeting held at the Council of Europe in Strasbourg, which discussed ways of improving transnational access to data by law enforcement through the Cybercrime Convention. In particular, the possible introduction of a new protocol, and a guidance note on art. 32(b), were considered. It is argued that there are serious concerns with both proposals. Moreover, the meeting revealed a surprising lack of knowledge as to current levels of cooperation between law enforcement and foreign service providers. (C) 2013 Micheal O'Floinn. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
In modern era digital devices are the part and parcel in everyday life. Easy access to internet across the globe has totally changed the pattern of life. Web has become the main source of acquiring knowledge and information. Email is replacing the postal mail system. Use of computer is a mandatory from primary education sector to government level enterprise. Facebook, twitter, whatsapp, viber are becoming main way to social communication. All these developments made life of people easier and comfortable but at the same time crimes associated with technologies have also emerged especially in a developing country like Bangladesh. Cybercrime has become a vital issue. This study conveys an in-depth survey about the awareness of cybercrime amongst the people of Bangladesh. Both online and offline version of the survey were created to conduct this study. The study finds that there is a patchy awareness level and it is not satisfactory. The general people are unaware of standard practices for cybersecurity. The government and respective organizations is not vibrant regarding cybercrime related issues. A proper guideline is required. Also it needs to be updated on timely manner. Additionally, Pearson's Chi-squared test was conducted for in-depth analysis. Finally, it can be said that there exists an urgency to implement a prototype for cybersecurity to combat with cyber threats.
"Cybercrime has rapidly grown in prevalence and potential for harm and disruption for victims. Studies have examined the adverse psychological impact of cybercrime for victims; however, the specific effects for victims of hacking are unexplored. The present study aimed to investigate the psychological impacts of hacking victimization through exploration of the experience of victims of hacking. The study employed an in-depth phenomenological approach to explore the experiences of 11 victims of hacking. Semi-structured interviews were used as a tool for data collection, and thematic analysis of the data revealed four main themes: emotional impact; an increased sense of vulnerability; a sense of violation; and coping strategies. The findings highlight that hacking may have significant consequences for victims, and further, that hacking may represent an intrusion into a victim's digital space. Recommendations are discussed for providing support to victims through measures aimed at increasing victim's self-efficacy, sense of control over their digital environment, and increasing community awareness about the potential adverse impacts for victims of hacking."
This study seeks to understand romance scam from the offenders' perspective and how they rationalize their motivations, opportunities and abilities towards the commission of the crime. To this end, we adopt the Motivation-Opportunity-Ability framework and the Rationalization dimension of the Fraud Triangle Theory. The study employed a qualitative methodological approach to analyze the opportunities presented by emerging technologies to cyber fraudsters amid socio-economic drivers. One is the interplay of various socio-economic factors being a major driving force behind the commission of cybercrime. These include peer recruitment and training, poverty, unemployment, low level of education and low income. The uniqueness of this study stems from the fact that it deviates from previous studies to investigate cybercrime from the perspective of the perpetrators. Again, this study is arguably one of the first to put all three dimensions of the MOA framework and the rationalization dimension of the Fraud Triangle to study romance scammers' behaviors.
Situational Crime Prevention (SCP) is a criminological approach that is shown to reduce crime opportunities drawing from five different strategies comprising 25 techniques. With the global increase in cybercrime, practitioners and researchers are increasingly investigating opportunities for applying SCP strategies and techniques to prevent cyber-focused and cyber-enabled crimes. Recent research proposes ways that SCP can be applied to cybercrime. Yet most of this research utilizes only a few of the SCP techniques and the linkages between the SCP techniques and opportunities for reducing cybercrimes are rarely made explicit. In this paper we evaluate the relevance of the full spectrum of SCP techniques to cybercrime and explicate how computer scientists, cybercrime and cybersecurity researchers and practitioners apply SCP principles to prevent and control cyber-enabled crime. Through a focused systematic review of 352 articles across computer science, criminal justice and criminology literature using the PRISMA method, this paper clarifies terminologies, explores the rise of cybercrimes, and explains the value of SCP for responding to cybercrimes. We provide a review of the current research undertaken to apply SCP to cybercrimes and conclude with a discussion on research gaps and potential future areas of research. (C) 2022 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Cybercrime is all about the crimes involved with the environment where ever a network is involved and the steps implemented to control or overcome this cyber-security. The work culture of all the sectors are moving towards digitalization and cloud based systems in order to increase the work efficiency with more accuracy, In addition to this a majority of individuals are fond of using social networking sites and email servers in many ways directly or indirectly. Cybercrime is a type of crime where technical expertise is required not only to crack it but in order to make a user secure or to apply any preventive majors. In this paper we have described about the basics of this dreadful crime, recent research & development in the field of cyber security, the types of crimes and a small survey with an IT company. Our aim with this research is to check the awareness level of cybercrime and security majors and to suggest necessary steps which can really be helpful in making the cyber environment secure, robust and trustworthy.
Efforts by governments, over the years, to curb cybercrime- yahoo-yahoo- in Nigeria have not yielded much positive results. The restrictive measures put in place by cyber security operatives, law enforcement agencies and the government have only largely resulted in operational dynamism of cybercriminals including introduction of spiritual/fetish dimensions to cybercrime- yahoo-yahoo- which has come to be known as yahoo-plus. The empirical basis for this paper was from in-depth interviews with 15 yahoo boys and 30 community members' in Ajibode, Apete and Ring road regarding the community reactions and obstacles to curbing yahoo plus in Nigeria with Ibadan as case study. Findings' suggest that yahoo boys get help from many places to perpetrate their crimes. Sources of help include the families, musicians, celebrities, religious leaders., politicians, police officers and bank officials. These sources of help to yahoo boys are obstacles to curbing yahoo boys- including yahoo plus activities, in Nigeria.
Nowadays it is crucial for maintaining security defence on devices against cybercrimes over the Internet. None of the existing systems proved to be flawless, though various approaches have been used to counter cybercrime activities. This paper proposes a real time model for identifying and collecting cybercrime evidences. In particular, the proposed model comprises three main components, rules-based IDS for cybercrimes monitoring and identifying their features. Database for collecting and storing features of new cybercrimes and BASE for result viewing in real time. Features installed on Raspberry Pi, were dedicated for data collection process. The proposed model is efficient in identifying and collecting network cybercrimes evidences in real time based on the result demonstrated.
Along with the increasing use of online communication during the current Covid-19 pandemic, people have become more active in the social media platforms like Facebook and Twitter, whether it be through by posting their content online or by reading the posts of others. Undoubtedly, it has a negative impact in the form of cybercrimes, especially when public understanding of cyber law is still low. To address this issue, we propose an approach to identifying cybercrime on social media posts, with case studies on Indonesian cybercrime law. The main challenge in solving the problem is the use of informal language and non-standard writing. Therefore, we exploit the informative value of terms in that post by paying attention to standard patterns in Indonesian grammar and writing structure with a classifier based on the voting ensemble learning model. The experimental results show that the proposed approach significantly outperformed baselines, with an accuracy of more than 90%. Thus, it proves the effectiveness of the approach in generalizing the content of social media posts according to the category of cybercrime law.
Cybercrime also called Computer crime, is any crime that involves a computer and a network. As individuals and businesses increase their reliance on technology, they are exposed to the growing cybercrime threats. Using the computers for our day-to-day transactions is quite common now a days. For example, we pay our life insurance premium, electricity bills, reserve flight or train or bus tickets, order book or any other product online using personal computer, smart phones, public browsing centers etc. The number of users doing online transactions are growing rapidly ever since, because of the convenience it gives to the user to transact business without being physically present in the area where the transaction happens. Criminals committing cybercrime are also growing day-by-day with the increased number of users doing online transactions. Cybercrime covers a wide range of different attacks such as Cyber extortion, Cyber warfare, spreading Computer viruses or Malware, Internet fraud, Spamming, Phishing, carding (fraud), child pornography and intellectual property rights violation etc. Because of increased cyber-attacks these days, the online users must be aware of this kind of attacks and need to cautions while doing online transactions. In this context, the paper will review the growth of cybercrimes in India and measures taken by the government of India to combat the cybercrimes.
Research on cyber-co-offending tends to focus on either the organizational structure of organized cybercrime or social learning processes among individuals. This paper provides a new perspective on co-offending by examining the extent to which individuals co-offend for different types of cybercrime compared to traditional crime. Additionally, differences in the type of co-offender (friends, family, or others) and relationships between ITknowledge and cyber-co-offending are examined. This paper is based on individual self-report survey data from a judicial sample of Dutch adult cyber-dependent offenders and traditional offenders. It includes information on 466 different crimes (51.50% cybercrime) self-reported by 164 individuals. Results indicate that cybercrime and traditional crime show similar patterns of co-offending. The majority of offenders prefer to commit their crimes alone, but some types of crime are more often committed with co-offenders than other types of crime. For cybercrime results suggest that limitations in an offender's IT-knowledge may be a reason to seek co-offenders with strong IT-skills.
"People are the weakest link in the cybersecurity chain when viewed in the context of technological advancement. People become vulnerable to trickery through contemporary technical developments such as social media platforms. Information accessibility and flow have increased rapidly and effectively; however, due to this increase, new electronic risks, or so-called cybercrime, such as phishing, scams, and hacking, lead to privacy breaches and hardware sabotage. Therefore, ensuring data privacy is vital, particularly in an educational institute where students constitute the large majority of users. Students or trainees violate cybersecurity policies due to their lack of awareness about the cybersecurity environment and the consequences of cybercrime. This paper aims to assess the level of awareness of cybersecurity, users' activities, and user responses to cybersecurity issues. This paper collected data based on a distributed questionnaire among trainees in the Technical and Vocational Training Corporation (TVTC) to demonstrate the necessity of increasing user awareness and training. In this study, quantitative research techniques were utilized to analyze the responses from trainees using tests such as the Chi-Squared test. Proof of the reliability of the survey was provided using Cronbach's alpha test. This research identifies the deficiencies in cybersecurity awareness among TVTC trainees. After analyzing the gathered data, recommendations for tackling these shortcomings were offered, with the aim of enhancing trainees' decision-making skills regarding privacy and security using the Nudge model."
Research SummaryEuropean law enforcement agencies have begun to use targeted online ad campaigns to raise cybercrime awareness among at-risk populations. Despite their rapid proliferation, there is little research to support their efficacy and effectiveness. This study uses a quasi-experimental difference-in-differences design to evaluate the effect of seven campaigns deployed in 2021 and 2022 on the volume of (distributed) denial-of-service or (D)DoS-attacks recorded in six European countries: Denmark, Finland, the Netherlands, Norway, Sweden, and Portugal. The results show mixed effects, suggesting that the campaigns are not clearly effective in reducing DDoS-attacks in the short term.Policy ImplicationsLaw enforcement has partly justified the use of targeted online ad campaigns on the premise that they reduce DDoS-attacks. However, this study shows that the evidence in this regard is inconclusive. If public support for the use of such campaigns is to be secured in the long term, law enforcement will likely need to rely on stronger arguments. The effect of this type of campaigns needs to be further investigated.
Cybercrime or the computer-related crime is the most widespread form of transnational crime, which is in its social and economic characteristics significantly different from traditional and organized crime. Cyberspace offers countless opportunities for economic development, social interaction, and political cooperation, but also provides tools for illegal surveillance, personal data collection, influencing democratic processes, committing crimes, and exchanging numerous ways and methods of warfare. This paper provides an overview of legal documents in the Republic of Serbia related to information security, data security, and deviant behavior in cyberspace, with special emphasis on the analysis of the Strategy for Information Society Development and Information Security in the Republic of Serbia for 2021-2026. Using the criminological approach, this paper focuses on legislation concerning existing criminal offenses related to cybercrime and various forms of other criminal activities, but also on the international cooperation that Serbia achieves in the field of information and cyber security.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, the number of technology-facilitated crimes against children worldwide has increased substantially and become one of the most serious crime problems. Due to these considerations, there is a lack of large-scale systematic reviews investigating Cybercrime in and of itself could be challenging to investigate in comparison to traditional ones due to the elusiveness of the cyber realm. Specifically, investigating internet crimes against children comes with specific challenges. These offenses target vulnerable children who are less likely to realize their victimization, lowering the probability of reporting to the proper authorities. With these obstacles in mind, this research study utilizes data information regarding the characteristics of online CSAM users and their practices to inform law enforcement, parents, and the public for preventative and strategic purposes. Furthermore, this study diagnoses the significant challenges of investigating technology-facilitated crimes against children by examining how the current criminal justice system responds to these incidents. The policy recommendations discussed offer a holistic lens for highlighting this critical issue and implementing practical and proactive training solutions for law enforcement and the public.
In Geekonomics. The Real Cost of Insecure Software, David Rice argues that market forces drive most software manufacturers to pay scant attention to security. This paper reviews Mr. Rice's arguments taking into account the irruption of the Internet of Things (IoT). First, the document explores if the economic and societal forces driving the behaviors that result in insecure software will be modified by the IoT and, if so, how. Afterward, it investigates if the outcomes generated by insecure software, including the proliferation of safety risks and cybercrime, and the potential remedies outlined by Mr. Rice to correct said outcomes will remain or be altered by the IoT. The inquiry leads to the conclusion that, on both counts, the analysis presented in Geekonomics is still valid.
BACKGROUND: Recent legislation empowering providers to embrace the electronic exchange of health information leaves the healthcare industry increasingly vulnerable to cybercrime. The objective of this systematic review is to identify the biggest threats to healthcare via cybercrime. OBJECTIVE: The rationale behind this systematic review is to provide a framework for future research by identifying themes and trends of cybercrime in the healthcare industry. METHODS: The authors conducted a systematic search through the CINAHL, Academic Search Complete, PubMed, and ScienceDirect databases to gather literature relative to cyber threats in healthcare. All authors reviewed the articles collected and excluded literature that did not focus on the objective. RESULTS: Researchers selected and examined 19 articles for common themes. The most prevalent cyber-criminal activity in healthcare is identity theft through data breach. Other concepts identified are internal threats, external threats, cyber-squatting, and cyberterrorism. CONCLUSIONS: The industry has now come to rely heavily on digital technologies, which increase risks such as denial of service and data breaches. Current healthcare cyber-security systems do not rival the capabilities of cyber criminals. Security of information is a costly resource and therefore many HCOs may hesitate to invest what is required to protect sensitive information.
Bitcoin, a decentralized cryptographic currency that has experienced proliferating popularity over the past few years, is the common denominator in a wide variety of cybercrime. We perform a measurement analysis of CryptoLocker, a family of ransomware that encrypts a victim's files until a ransom is paid, within the Bitcoin ecosystem from September 5, 2013 through January 31, 2014. Using information collected from online fora, such as reddit and BitcoinTalk, as an initial starting point, we generate a cluster of 968 Bitcoin addresses belonging to CryptoLocker. We provide a lower bound for CryptoLocker's economy in Bitcoin and identify 795 ransom payments totalling 1,128.40 BTC ($310,472.38), but show that the proceeds could have been worth upwards of $1.1 million at peak valuation. By analyzing ransom payment timestamps both longitudinally across CryptoLocker's operating period and transversely across times of day, we detect changes in distributions and form conjectures on CryptoLocker that corroborate information from previous efforts. Additionally, we construct a network topology to detail CryptoLocker's financial infrastructure and obtain auxiliary information on the CryptoLocker operation. Most notably, we find evidence that suggests connections to popular Bitcoin services, such as Bitcoin Fog and BTC-e, and subtle links to other cybercrimes surrounding Bitcoin, such as the Sheep Marketplace scam of 2013. We use our study to underscore the value of measurement analyses and threat intelligence in understanding the erratic cybercrime landscape.
This study tests the effects of behavioral and cognitive measures of self-control on computer-focused cyber deviance and cyber victimization with survey data from 1,036 adult employees. We examine moderating effects of cyber deviant peers and gender in the relationship between self-control, and cyber deviance and victimization. Cognitive and behavioral measures of self-control are negativity associated with cyber deviance, whereas only behavioral self-control predicted reduced cyber victimization. Moderation analyses show that cyber deviant peer associations condition the relationship between self-control, and both cyber deviance and victimization. Gender moderation models reveal no consistent significant effects. The results have implications for the understanding of cognitive predictors of computer-focused cybercrime and victimization, as well as institutional cybercrime prevention policies. Our findings can inform the future integration of self-control and social learning theories in cyberspace.
Fraud has been identified as one of the most prevalent property crimes in the Internet era and underreporting represents one of the most pressing challenges to prevention and policing. Like fraud itself, the issue is not new and therefore traditional findings and approaches designed to foster reporting may also be applicable to online fraud. This study performs a series of regression models to analyse data on fraud victims from two editions of the representative Catalan Public Security Survey. The aim is to identify and compare socio-demographic, context and crime event determinants of online and offline fraud reporting, as well as the reasons for not reporting. Thus, the article contributes to the literature regarding cybercrime and traditional crime a/symmetries. The findings show that, surprisingly, online fraud is reported at a higher rate than offline fraud, mainly owing to the greater odds of being considered a crime by the victim. In general, fraud reporting appears to involve a rational component because financial and non-financial harms and the expected utility of reporting are more relevant to the decision than socio-demographic factors. In addition, the most common reasons for not reporting refer to the opportunity costs of doing so. The demographic predictors of online reporters show only slight differences from their offline counterparts, but more associations are found regarding the reasons for not reporting. Finally, the implications for policy are discussed.
In this paper we present the discussion about the future ideas, needs and trends for cyber security technologies. Our focus is on the future technologies which should be developed in order to further enhance the protection of the cyberspace. Similarly to our work in the FP7 CAMINO project, we follow the comprehensive approach looking at broad range of possible technologies and problems. We termed our approach as THOR since we considered the following dimensions: Technical, Human, Organisational and Regulatory. In this paper we also discuss the idea of the comprehensive approach, since we believe only holistic view on cyber security can improve protection from the cyber threats.
Cyber terrorism is the premeditated, politically motivated assault on information, computer systems, computer programmes, and data that results in violence against property, the government, and the general populace. In the age of globalisation, the use of steganography as a form of internet terrorist communication - Red Fort case, E-mail threats in Taj Mahal case, and Supreme Court E-mail Threat case. The use of the internet by terrorists to organise and execute the September 11 World Trade Centre attack reflects the current state of affairs and provides the answer to the question, Is the internet the new boon or bane of science?In India, cyber laws prohibit any crime committed with the aid of technology, where a computer is a tool for cybercrime. Cybercrime rules prevent citizens from sharing sensitive information with strangers online. Since the establishment of cyber laws in India, the IT Act 2000 was enacted in 2000 and updated in 2008 to cover all sorts of cyber offences in India. Without a doubt, India's Cyber security or Cyber laws give protection against cybercrime. However, prevention is always preferable to treatment.Cyber law and cyber crimes have also become more complicated in today's technologically advanced society. Internet and technology were developed for research purposes and to make human life easier, but as the number of people using the internet in India expanded, the necessity for Cyber Laws became apparent. Due to the anonymous nature of the internet, it is simple to commit cybercrimes. Consequently, numerous individuals could abuse this component so extensively. Therefore, India has a need for cyber law.
"Internet fraud remains a problem in Ghana and thus attracts the attention of teachers, researchers, civil society organisations, the state and policymakers. Existing studies on Internet fraud focused on the reasons, combat strategies, cyber spiritualism, the impact of Internet fraud on individuals and the country, and the inadequate legal frameworks for handling such cybercrimes. Despite efforts by the government and other interest groups in fighting the menace, the phenomenon continues to increase among youth in Ghana. Applying Paul Willis' theory of ethnographic imagination, this study examined how Internet scammers-Sakawa boys-in the northern region of Ghana use their bodies and other cultural materials to express their identity and make meaning. The study reveals that Sakawa boys express their identities and make meaning using language-slang and jargon; conspicuous consumption of material goods; ostentatious lifestyle; techno-religiosity; and gender cyber-fraud collaboration. Thus, it offers a basal understanding of emic dimension of relationship between children and youth in cybercrime, unsuspected victims, and preventive measures. The study also gives theoretical contributions to research in understanding the broader socio-cultural milieu of children and youth in crimes and possible practical measures towards containment."
Reports of cybercrime have escalated over the past decade. While these crimes have increased, our understanding about the dynamics surrounding cyber offenders has not kept pace. Few studies have considered the characteristics of serious cyber criminals in comparison to other types of criminals. To fill this void in the literature, we examine a sample of cybercriminals appearing on the FBIs Most Wanted List and compare the characteristics of these offenders to other most wanted offenders. Results suggest that the most wanted cyber offenders are similar to other offenders in that it is a male-dominated offense category, but they are different from other offenders in that they are younger and more likely to exhibit certain types of physical and lifestyle characteristics. Implications for policy and future research are provided.
The techniques of device fingerprinting are used by many researchers for the purpose of user tracking or software licensing and user authentication. As most of the current fingerprinting approaches are using the software related parameters of the device which can be easily modified by the user. These existing solutions are not suitable for device fingerprinting from the perspective of network forensic investigation. The main objective of forensic investigation is to collect the evidences of the cybercrime in forensically sound manner to prove the role of criminal in the crime. To prove the crime in the court of law the reliable and relevant evidence against the criminal is very important. The most crucial evidence is the true identity of the device used for doing the cybercrime. To uniquely identify the real source of the crime device fingerprinting is the paramount solution. The up-to-date analysis is required to construct the new techniques for fingerprinting the physical devices, which will satisfy all the legal requirements and can be used as evidence in the court of law to prove the crime. The major objective of this paper is thus to provide a detailed analytical review of features and techniques of feature extraction that is used in existing device fingerprinting techniques.
Ransomware operations have evolved from relatively unsophisticated threat actors into highly coordinated cybercrime syndicates that regularly extort millions of dollars in a single attack. Despite dominating headlines and crippling businesses across the globe, there is relatively little in-depth research into the modern structure and economics of ransomware operations. In this paper, we leverage leaked chat messages to provide an in-depth empirical analysis of Conti, one of the largest ransomware groups. By analyzing these chat messages, we construct a picture of Conti's operations as a highly-profitable business, from profit structures to employee recruitment and roles. We present novel methodologies to trace ransom payments, identifying over $80 million in likely ransom payments to Conti and its predecessor - over five times as much as in previous public datasets. As part of our work, we will publish a dataset of 666 labeled Bitcoin addresses related to Conti and an additional 75 Bitcoin addresses of likely ransom payments. Future work can leverage this case study to more effectively trace - and ultimately counteract - ransomware activity.
The objective of this study is to demonstrate that individuals affiliated with diplomatic missions, including diplomats and administrators, are not immune to the jurisdiction of their home country's legal system. Consequently, individuals in diplomatic positions may be held responsible for any mistakes attributed to them in accordance with the provisions outlined in the Civil Service Law and relevant administrative regulations. This accountability remains applicable even if they are exempt from the jurisdiction of the host country's laws, as per the established principles of diplomatic judicial immunity. This study also examines the challenges and implications of cybercrime, specifically within the context of diplomatic missions. To achieve this objective, the present study has employed a methodological framework rooted in the field of jurisprudence. This involved gathering data from a variety of primary and secondary sources. The study employed a combination of descriptive and comparative analytical methodologies to examine the legislation of several Arab countries as well as the French legal system. The findings of this study indicate that national legislation establishes committees and entities that are specifically responsible for oversight, discipline, and the enforcement of penalties. These mechanisms operate in accordance with the principle of gradualism, which governs the legal framework for administrative accountability within diplomatic and consular missions. Consequently, competent authorities are obligated to refrain from engaging in any actions that could be construed as an abuse of authority or a departure from established procedures. Simultaneously, due consideration was given to the distinctive characteristics of these works within the realm of diplomatic service. Furthermore, it is worth noting that the host countries possess the authority to initiate legal proceedings against diplomatic agents in cases involving cybercrimes in accordance with their respective domestic legislation. The study concluded by providing a definition of the administrative work conducted by diplomatic missions, which are under the jurisdiction of the administrative judiciary. This control is implemented to ensure the effective execution of administrative functions and responsibilities within the host nation. This study presents various recommendations, highlighting the importance of granting immediate powers to the administrative judiciary in order to achieve favourable results.
Mobile devices are a huge influence for young people. About eighty-five percent of Mexico's population (around 96 millions) have a smartphone. A little less than sixty-five percent of Mexican users are below 35 years old. Young people are immerse in todays digital economy and it's difficult to be aware of good and bad stuff online. This paper aims to explain what are the most common cybercrime happening to undergraduate students. This research was done in Northeast Mexico with students of the Autonomous University of Tamaulipas.
"Bitcoin, a peer-to-peer payment system and digital currency, is often involved in illicit activities such as scamming, ransomware attacks, illegal goods trading, and thievery. At the time of writing, the Bitcoin ecosystem has not yet been mapped and as such there is no estimate of the share of illicit activities. This paper provides the first estimation of the portion of cyber-criminal entities in the Bitcoin ecosystem. Our dataset consists of 854 observations categorised into 12 classes (out of which 5 are cybercrime-related) and a total of 100,000 uncategorised observations. The dataset was obtained from the data provider who applied three types of clustering of Bitcoin transactions to categorise entities: co-spend, intelligence-based, and behaviour-based. Thirteen supervised learning classifiers were then tested, of which four prevailed with a cross-validation accuracy of 77.38%, 76.47%, 78.46%, 80.76% respectively. From the top four classifiers, Bagging and Gradient Boosting classifiers were selected based on their weighted average and per class precision on the cybercrime-related categories. Both models were used to classify 100,000 uncategorised entities, showing that the share of cybercrime-related is 29.81% according to Bagging, and 10.95% according to Gradient Boosting with number of entities as the metric. With regard to the number of addresses and current coins held by this type of entities, the results are: 5.79% and 10.02% according to Bagging; and 3.16% and 1.45% according to Gradient Boosting."
The emergence of exploit kits is one of the most important developments in modern cybercrime. Much of cyber-security research in the recent years has been devoted towards defending citizens from harm delivered through exploit kits. In this paper, we examine an alternate, counter-offensive strategy towards combating cybercrime launched through exploit kits. Towards this goal, we survey a wide range of 30 real-world exploit kits and analyze a counter-offensive adversarial model against the kits and kit operator. Guided by our analysis, we present a systematic methodology for examining a given kit to determine where vulnerabilities may reside within its server-side implementation. In our experiments, we found over 180 vulnerabilities among 16 exploit kits of those surveyed, and were able to automatically synthesize exploits for infiltrating 6 of them. The results validate our hypothesis that exploit kits largely lack sophistication necessary to resist counter-offensive activities. We then propose the design of EKHUNTER, a system that is capable of automatically detecting the presence of exploit vulnerabilities and deriving laboratory test cases that can compromise both the integrity of a fielded exploit kit, and even the identity of the kit operator.
Victims are often conceptualized as single, human and static entities with certain risk factors that make them more vulnerable and attractive for offenders. This framework is challenged by emerging forms of high-tech cybercrime, such as ransomware, botnets and virtual theft, in which the offender targets a composite of human, technical and virtual entities. This study critically assesses the current theorization of the cyber victim and offers an alternative approach. Drawing on actor-network theory and three empirical case studies, it analyses the cyber victim as a hybrid actor-network consisting of different entities that, together with the offender, make the victimization possible. The proposed concepts of victim composition, delegation and translation enable a more profound understanding of the hybrid and complex process of becoming a high-tech cyber victim. Keywords: cybercrime, cyber victimization, actor-network theory, botnet, ransomware, virtual theft
Recent research demonstrates that those with low self-control have an increased risk of victimization due to involvement in routine activities that place them in close proximity to motivated offenders and decrease their willingness to utilize appropriate guardianship factors. This relationship is significant in predicting physical forms of victimization, though few studies have considered how this may account for property offenses, particularly forms of cybercrime which may be hidden from victims. This article explores the extent to which personal characteristics and user behaviors affect the probability of malicious software infections, a serious form of cybercrime, using the integrated routine activities and self-control theory of victimization. Using a nationally representative sample of adults in the Netherlands, this analysis found time spent on specific computer activities (e.g., downloading files) as well as low self-control increase indications of malware infection, while protection of wireless networks seems effective in preventing them.
"Fraud has existed long before the advent of modern technology; however, we can increasingly observe how this profit-driven enterprise is entering the cyberspace. Our paper focuses on a case study of two scam schemes targeting international students at Penn State. The scams have been perpetrated in either a physical (i.e., phone scam) or online (i.e., Craigslist scam) form. However, this dichotomy becomes blurry when examining the phone scams more closely since they often employ cyber elements (e.g., phone spoofing, requests of electronic payment) to mask the scammer's tracks and identity. Our study aims to better understand the nature of the scams and how international students contextualize their scam experiences. We place particular emphasis on investigating what students' decision-making processes are behind filing a report about their scam experiences. We also explore the predominantly used reporting avenues by those international students who filed reports. In the first part of our study, we present a qualitative analysis of Penn State campus police reports of scam incidents covering three years of data (2014-2016). Aside from being able to understand the prevalence and details of the experienced scams, the analysis of the data also helps to unpack the motivations behind why international students file reports to entities like campus police particularly in the event that an inchoate crime was experienced. Furthermore, working with the data lays the groundwork for the second half of our study, a 16-person in-depth interview series with international students who experienced a scam while studying at Penn State. The results of our case study will show the fundamental impact of increased awareness in preventing international students from falling victim to the scams they encountered. However, opportunities still remain in terms of effectively increasing knowledge about how such incidents can be officially reported to law enforcement and how currently existing cybercrime reporting mechanisms can be improved to further bolster cybercrime reporting to take place."
Despite the enactment of the Nigerian Cybercrime Act in 2015, cyber fraud still remains largely pervasive among the youths, especially undergraduates. Against this background, this study examined the pathways and motivations for cyber fraud involvement among female undergraduates of selected universities in south-west Nigeria. It adopted the exploratory cum cross-sectional research design. Social learning theory was employed as conceptual framework. Data were exclusively generated through in-depth interviews conducted with 17 female undergraduates selected using the snowball sampling technique. Results showed that female undergraduates got initiated into cyber fraud by their male relatives and associates. Financial gain and peer pressure were the major motivating factors for their involvement in the crime. Cyber fraud was seen by the students to be a source of income for meeting their own personal and relatives' financial needs. A multi-dimensional approach is suggested as a way of effectively dealing with this form of crime.
Cybercrime markets support the development and difusion of new attack technologies, vulnerability exploits, and malware. Whereas the revenue streams of cyber attackers have been studied multiple times in the literature, no quantitative account currently exists on the economics of attack acquisition and deployment. Yet, this understanding is critical to characterize the production of (traded) exploits, the economy that drives it, and its efects on the overall attack scenario. In this paper we provide an empirical investigation of the economics of vulnerability exploitation, and the efects of market factors on likelihood of exploit. Our data is collected irst-handedly from a prominent Russian cybercrime market where the trading of the most active attack tools reported by the security industry happens. Our indings reveal that exploits in the underground are priced similarly or above vulnerabilities in legitimate bug-hunting programs, and that the refresh cycle of exploits is slower than currently often assumed. On the other hand, cyber-criminals are becoming faster at introducing selected vulnerabilities, and the market is in clear expansion both in terms of players, traded exploits, and exploit pricing. We then evaluate the efects of these market variables on likelihood of attack realization, and find strong evidence of the correlation between market activity and exploit deployment. We discuss implications on vulnerability metrics, economics, and exploit measurement.
Cyber Crime is an illegal activity in which offender makes use of the smart devices such as computers and other network devices as the primary source in order to gain some profit from the victim by violating the rules. Cyber attacks are persistently rising, detection of cyber crimes and providing preventive measures by manual investigation are often failed to control the cyber attacks. Therefore, machine learning plays a vital role in detecting those cybercrimes. It has the ability to detect and analyze the cyber attack and provides the preventive measures in order to reduce the incarnation of the cyber crimes. Therefore, incorporating machine learning techniques such as classification and clustering into our framework can help to build a cyber crime detection system and prediction of cyber attacks annually. Existing literature in the area of cybercrime offences by feature extraction focuses on several techniques. In this a novel framework for cybercrime offences by feature extractions is proposed. In this proposed framework one can upload any unstructured cyber crime report to generate the structure data through TFID technique. Later this framework can give a report on categorization and resolution of the cyber crime offences (especially ID theft, Hacking and Copyright attacks) by its severity and occurrence. It is achieved by extracting the feature description using text mining algorithms and by using the performance measurements and prediction analysis of cyber crime.
The growing rate of cybercrime has turned into a crucial concern that makes people more afraid of cyberwar than a nuclear weapon and climate change. An alarming awareness level has been observed in this study which is not satisfactory. A significant percentage of the population is unaware of cybersecurity policies and practices. Even the relevant organizations, as well as the government, are not concerned about the issues of cybercrime. A significant variation is essential to enrich the cybersecurity policies and practices. Furthermore, it needs to be monitored and restructured with the pace of time. This pilot study is designed to consider a comprehensive investigation regarding the level of cybercrime awareness amongst Bangladeshi people. The survey has been carried out through both the online and offline responses against a well-prepared questionnaire. Additionally, T-test, mean score and ANOVA tests were accompanied for detailed analysis. Based on this study, it is recommended that the development and implementation of a massive cybersecurity awareness program are urgently required that would immune the citizens from cyber threats.
Current literature widely reports successful uses of social media as a source of information, collaborative and learning tool for students in higher education. Although universities increasingly promote the use of Social Network Services (SNS) little is known about how students use them. Also the adverse effects of social media activity, such as cybercrime victimisation in HE, are under explored. Concerns over informal leisure use of SNS by students leading to cyber victimisation may help explain slow adoption of social media in education. This paper shows, however, that students use SNS in a similar way to those users who are not in education, with more that 60% using SNS for both socialising and gathering information. We find that students are less likely to be victims of cybercrime than non-students suggesting that SNS activity is less risky within the university lifespan. The implications of this study are significant for policy and practice for universities and educational authorities. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
With the development of internet technology, the era of big data with data explosion has come. As a result, the types and the amount of data that need to be processed in cybercrime investigations are increasing. It is a great challenge to find the clues or evidences of crime from the massive data. The emergence of big data technology has brought new directions for digital forensics investigations. It is of practical significance to integrate big data technology and digital forensics to crack down on cybercrime. This paper proposes a big data forensics framework which describes the process and related technologies. In addition, the challenges to realize this framework have been taken into consideration.
Fraud with online payment services is an ongoing problem, with significant financial-economic and societal impact. One of the main modus operandi is financial malware that compromises consumer and corporate devices, thereby potentially undermining the security of critical financial systems. Recent research into the underground economy has shown that cybercriminals are organised around highly specialised tasks, such as pay-per-install markets for infected machines, malware-as-a-service and money mule recruitment. Setting up a successful financial malware scheme requires the aligning of many moving parts. Analysing how cybercrime groups acquire, combine and align these parts into value chains can greatly benefit from existing insights into the economics of online crime. Using transaction cost economics, this paper illustrates the business model behind financial malware and presents three novel value chains therein. For this purpose, we use a conceptual synthesis of the state-of-the-art of the literature on financial malware, underground markets and (cyber)crime economics, as well as today's banking practice.
Community-oriented policing has shaped law enforcement over the past 30 years, providing innovative strategies to identify and combat crime problems through collaborative community partnerships. The success of community policing strategies in some contexts has led some scholars and police administrators to call for the adoption of these programs in virtual environments to combat cybercrimes. It is unclear how such a program may operate or what factors affect line officer support for their use in the field. Thus, this study examined how community policing support, computer proficiency, and perceptions of the Internet and cybercrime were related to support for online community policing in a sample of officers from two Southeastern cities. The study found that support for community policing in the real world and perceptions of cybercrime severity were the two most consistently significant predictors of support for online community policing. The significance of these findings for policing practice and theory are discussed.
This paper addresses the question whether and to what extent the experience of online hate speech affects victims' sense of security. Studies on hate crime in general show that such crimes are associated with a significantly higher feeling of insecurity, but there is little evidence concerning feeling of insecurity due to online hate speech. Based on a secondary data analysis of a representative population survey in Lower Saxony, Germany, on the topic of cybercrime in 2020 (N = 4,102), we tested three hypotheses regarding the effect of offline and online hate speech on feelings of insecurity. As a result, compared to non-victims, victims of online hate speech exhibit a more pronounced feeling of insecurity outside the Internet, while victims of other forms of cybercrime do not differ in this regard from non-victims. We found no effect for offline hate speech when relevant control variables were included in the statistical model. Possible reasons for this finding are assumed to lie in the characteristics of the phenomenon of online hate speech, for example, because the hateful content spreads uncontrollably on the Internet and reaches its victims even in protected private spheres.
This conference presentation describes a process for developing a multidisciplinary curriculum in cyberscience. The process presented is a broad-based approach designed to support a four-year undergraduate cyberscience curriculum applicable to diverse institutions of higher learning.
This article explores the privacy and security issues associated with large language models (LLMs). It takes a look at nefarious actors' possible use of LLM tools. Also analyzed are behaviors and practices of the developers, operators, and users of such models from privacy and security standpoints.
As a kickoff teaser for next year's ISTAS 2022 conference, Digital and Societal Transformations, this interdisciplinary panel considers the social impact of digital innovations like 5G in the contexts of privacy, security, socio-economic prosperity and cybercrime. The panelists, who are international leaders and experts in privacy, cybersecurity, and technology policy and governance, will discuss and share their concerns on the socio-cultural and economic benefits and challenges of the ongoing digital transformation.
Online underground forums have been widely used by cybercriminals to trade the illicit products, resources and services, which have played a central role in the cybercriminal ecosystem. Unfortunately, due to the number of forums, their size, and the expertise required, it's infeasible to perform manual exploration to understand their behavioral processes. In this paper, we propose a novel framework named iDetector to automate the analysis of underground forums for the detection of cybercrime-suspected threads. In iDetector, to detect whether the given threads are cybercrime-suspected threads, we not only analyze the content in the threads, but also utilize the relations among threads, users, replies, and topics. To model this kind of rich semantic relationships (i.e., thread-user, thread-reply, thread-topic, reply-user and reply-topic relations), we introduce a structured heterogeneous information network (HIN) for representation, which is capable to be composed of different types of entities and relations. To capture the complex relationships (e.g., two threads are relevant if they were posted by the same user and discussed the same topic), we use a meta-structure based approach to characterize the semantic relatedness over threads. As different meta-structures depict the relatedness over threads at different views, we then build a classifier using Laplacian scores to aggregate different similarities formulated by different meta-structures to make predictions. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work to use structural HIN to automate underground forum analysis. Comprehensive experiments on real data collections from underground forums (e.g., Hack Forums) are conducted to validate the effectiveness of our developed system iDetector in cybercrime-suspected thread detection by comparisons with other alternative methods.
The Internet has been widely adopted by UAE citizens, with one of the highest penetration rates in the world, yet the potential to become a victim of cybercrime is high. A quantitative cross-sectional online survey strategy was adopted to collect the data on cybercrime and cybervictimisation to support the identification of the most appropriate approaches to address cybervictimisation in the UAE. The results indicate the key patterns of cybervictimisation in the UAE as identity fraud, cyberharassment and cyber attack, with impacts mainly on a psychological/ emotional level. Evidence pointed to strong associations between online activity and time spent online and cybervictimisation. There was a significant perception that legislative measures did not sufficiently address cybervictimisation and punitive measures were lenient. Logistic regression analysis indicated likelihood of cybervictimisation was associated with technical guardianship, online behaviour and usage, computer proficiency, time spent online, region of residence and gender. Classification and regression tree analysis identified different patterns indicating user characteristics consisting of security measures and online routine behaviour. The findings support the development of a comprehensive Incident Response Framework (IRF), which is needed to inform legal authorities and victim service provision.
Underground forums are widely used by criminals to buy and sell a host of stolen items, datasets, resources, and criminal services. These forums contain important resources for understanding cybercrime. However, the number of forums, their size, and the domain expertise required to understand the markets makes manual exploration of these forums unscalable. In this work, we propose an automated, top-down approach for analyzing underground forums. Our approach uses natural language processing and machine learning to automatically generate high-level information about underground forums, first identifying posts related to transactions, and then extracting products and prices. We also demonstrate, via a pair of case studies, how an analyst can use these automated approaches to investigate other categories of products and transactions. We use eight distinct forums to assess our tools: Antichat, Blackhat World, Carders, Darkode, Hack Forums, Hell, L33tCrew and Nulled. Our automated approach is fast and accurate, achieving over 80% accuracy in detecting post category, product, and prices.
A sharp distinction between the virtual world and the real world continues but has become less tenable as technology has progressed. This review paper traces some early and recent views on this distinction, and highlights three: cyberscapes, cyberplaces, and code/space. Mobile applications, ubiquitous computing, and cloud data storage serve to blend the real and the virtual in a user-generated cyberspace. Within that space, knowledge production takes place in virtual spaces, as do less benign activities, such as surveillance and cybercrime. Policymakers must react to an increasingly complex environment of spaces in between real and virtual worlds. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
In the last decade, the proliferation of machine learning (ML) algorithms and their application on big data sets have benefited many researchers and practitioners in different scientific areas. Consequently, the research in cybercrime and digital forensics has relied on ML techniques and methods for analyzing large quantities of data such as text, graphics, images, videos, and network traffic scans to support criminal investigations. Complete and accurate training data sets are indispensable for efficient and effective machine learning models. An essential part of creating complete and accurate data sets is annotating or labelling data. We present a method for law enforcement agency investigators to annotate and store specific dark web content. Using a design science strategy, we design and develop tools to enable and extend web content annotation. The annotation tool was implemented as a plugin for the Tor browser. It can store web content, thus automatically creating a dataset of dark web data pertinent to criminal investigations. Combined with a central storage management server, enabling annotation sharing and collaboration, and a web scraping program, the dataset becomes multifold, dynamic, and extensive while maintaining the forensic soundness of the data saved and transmitted. To manifest our toolset's fitness of purpose, we used our dataset as training data for ML based classification models. A five cross-fold validation technique was used to evaluate the classifiers, which reported an accuracy score of 85 - 96%. In the concluding sections, we discuss the possible use-cases of the proposed method in real-life cybercrime investigations, along with ethical concerns and future extensions.
Recently, ransomware has earned itself an infamous reputation as a force to reckon with in the cybercrime landscape. However, cybercriminals are adopting other unconventional means to seamlessly attain proceeds of cybercrime with little effort. Cybercriminals are now acquiring cryptocurrencies directly from benign Internet users without the need to extort a ransom from them, as is the case with ransomware. This paper investigates advances in the cryptovirology landscape by examining the state-of-the-art cryptoviral attacks. In our approach, we perform digital autopsy on the malware's source code and execute the different malware variants in a contained sandbox to deduce static and dynamic properties respectively. We examine three cryptoviral attack structures: browser-based crypto mining, memory resident crypto mining and cryptoviral extortion. These attack structures leave a trail of digital forensics evidence when the malware interacts with the file system and generates noise in form of network traffic when communicating with the C2 servers and crypto mining pools. The digital forensics evidence, which essentially are IOCs include network artifacts such as C2 server domains, IPs and cryptographic hash values of the downloaded files apart from the malware hash values. Such evidence can be used as seed into intrusion detection systems for mitigation purposes.
Honeypots and honeynets are common tools for network security and network forensics. The deployment and usage of these tools is affected by a number of the technical and legal issues. It is very important to consider both issues together. Therefore, paper outlines technical aspects of honeynet and discusses the liability of honeypot's and honeynet's administrator. Paper deals with civil and criminal liability. Also paper focuses on cybercrime and liability of attackers.
The prosecution of cybercriminals depends upon the collection of digital evidence. In the United States, a complicated system of constitutional and statutory provisions govern what law enforcement officers can, and cannot, do in collecting digital evidence, either by intercepting communications in transmission or by acquiring data stored on computers, computer servers or other storage media. This article reviews the constraints imposed by the Fourth Amendment and then surveys the complex array of statutory provisions that have arisen to supplement the protections it provides.
Collecting cybercrime evidence on the Internet typically involves reconnaissance and analyses of information extracted. Scouring the Internet, especially the Deep Web, often requires manual effort and is time-consuming. Hence, it is imperative to have an efficient framework for an intelligent tool to gather cyber intel automatically according to programmed directives. In this paper, we present an updated design to our prior threat intelligence hunter. We make use of machine learning for parsing linguistic intel.
"In West Africa, both cyber fraud and cyber policing are mainly about storytelling. Based on fieldwork in the Ghanaian police, this article explores criminal investigations of email scams; it shows how actors rely on, make use of, lose faith in and reinvent stories. Each cyber fraud case can be understood as a series of connected tales, and all involved try to change the direction of the narrative. While the first tale takes place in virtual spaces between continents, the later ones are located in Ghana and are about police work there. The actors' stories both tap into and create social imaginaries, and the involved actors thereby craft conflicting notions of order and disorder. However, not only the fraudsters' stories but also the police officers' and victims' stories are often factually inaccurate and are partly fictional. Ultimately, all actor groups struggle to create believable stories under current conditions."
The purpose of the present study is to contribute to the gap in the literature by investigating the hacking behaviors of adolescents under the age of 18 and the predictors of these behaviors. In order to better understand the predictors of hacking behaviors in young people, we will be utilizing two criminological theories: General Theory of Crime and Social Learning Theory. Using data collected from high school students in a rural county in western North Carolina, results indicated that low self-control and deviant peer association were in fact associated with hacking behaviors of juveniles.
With the rapid advancement of technology in Malaysia, the number of cybercrimes is also increasing. To stop the increase in cybercrimes, everyone, including normal citizens, needs to know how secure they are while using digital appliances. A system is developed to predict the risk of users based on their behaviour when they are online using real-life behavioural data obtained from a private university's 207 undergraduates. Five supervised machine learning methods are being tested which are: Regression Logistics, K-Nearest Neighbour (KNN), Decision Tree (DT), Support Vector Machine (SVM), and Naive Bayesian Classifier with the aid of a tool, RapidMiner. The algorithms are used to construct, test, and validate three categories of cybercrime threat (Malware, Social Engineering, and Password Attack) predictive models. It was found that KNN model produces the highest accuracy and lowest classification error for all three categories of cybercrime threat. This system is believed to be crucial in alerting users with details of whether the consumer behaviour risk is high or low and what further actions can be taken to increase awareness. This system aims to prevent the rise in cybercrimes by providing a prediction of their risk levels in cybersecurity to encourage them to be more proactive in cybersecurity.
In this research work, we investigate the effects of cybercrime and focus on concerns about cybercrime expansion. Since black-hat hackers are constantly one step ahead of white-hat hackers and exploit new sophisticated hack-tools to intrude to devices and networks to commit cybercrime for different reasons, the utilization of the available emerging technologies can provide better privacy and protection level, while they can be used to combat cybercriminal attacks. This shift to new technologies and methods is regarded to be an urgent necessity today. Therefore, we demonstrate a potential novel security mechanism for Police Authorities, named Artificial Intelligence ANTi-Attack System or simply AIANTAS that aspires to improve the detection rate of cybercriminals and lead to their faster arrest. This model can be integrated into the other National Security defense mechanisms both in Greece and worldwide.
This paper uses the public health framework to address the apparent impact of the coronavirus on the victimization experiences with a specific focus given to those over the age of 50. The bulk of attention is given to fraud victimization, with consideration also given to parent abuse, partner violence, and patient abuse. A review of data from the Federal Trade Commission shows that reports of most types of fraud grew significantly in the first three months of 2020 in comparison to the same time period in 2019. Differences between fraud experiences based on age are considered. Older persons lost much more to fraud than younger persons, and far more in 2020 than 2019. In addition, they reported being targeted more often for certain types of cybercrime (i.e., tech support scams). While devastating to everyone, it is concluded that the coronavirus will potentially have a more significant impact on the financial health of older persons than younger persons. It is concluded that minimizing the consequences of all forms of crimes targeting older adults will be best achieved by using a public health approach.
Cybersecurity is focused on helping the community to make knowledgeable decisions on its adaptation and mitigation. This survey evaluated the level of cybersecurity awareness and discernment amongst university students in Sri Lanka. The study was based on primary data collected through a questionnaire on awareness and the perception of cybersecurity from respondents at universities in Sri Lanka. The results indicated that experience and the level of cybersecurity awareness among university students in Sri Lanka are not significantly low, but there are some knowledge gaps with new threats. Further, the results showed that university students in Sri Lanka were able to identify cybercrime as a threat. These findings necessitate building awareness and developing capacity to improve student's knowledge on the cybersecurity subject especially if universities are to be used as a key focal point in cybersecurity awareness campaigns in Sri Lanka.
This article presents the results of empirical analyses of the use of information technology (IT) by organized crime groups. In particular, it explores how the use of IT affects the processes of origin and growth of criminal networks. The empirical data presented in this article consist of 30 large scale criminal investigations into organized crime, including traditional organized crime, traditional organized crime in which IT is an innovative element, low tech cybercrimes and high tech cybercrimes. Networks involved in cybercrimes or traditional crimes with an innovative IT element can be characterized as a mixture of old school criminals that have a long criminal career, and a limited number of technically skilled members. Furthermore, almost all cases have a local dimension. Also the cybercrime cases. Dutch sellers of drugs on online marketplace, for example, mainly work for customers in the Netherlands and surrounding countries.
Nowadays, the number of malicious attacks on cyber-physical systems is in a continuous growth. Juridical investigation of such cases is a powerful means of fighting against such phenomena. The present paper presents a chain of methods that can be used for collecting incriminating probes regarding possible illegal activities performed in an industrial infrastructure. The chain consists of hardware and software tools needed for collecting, analyzing, filtering and storing relevant information regarding malicious activity. Through this chain of methods, computer system investigators can analyze and identify evidence more efficiently. An integrated system with several analyzers, distributed in distinct geographical locations, proves useful in collecting forensic evidence in cybercrime investigations. The proposed system offers flexibility in deploying and configuring the investigation tools on a distributed infrastructure.
Purpose This exploratory research examined law enforcement officers' attitudes toward the public-private partnerships (PPPs) in policing cyberspace. Particularly, by investigating the predictors of police officers' support for the PPPs, the authors aimed to offer practical implications for maintaining order and responding to illegal activities in the virtual environment. Design/methodology/approach A convenience sample of South Korean police officers was surveyed using a paper-and-pencil questionnaire. Findings The findings showed that officer perceptions of the seriousness and the frequency of property cybercrimes, computer proficiency and awareness of a lack of training were positively associated with the support for the PPPs. In addition, years of experience was negatively related to the support for the PPPs. Originality/value Law enforcement officers' perceptions toward public-private cooperation in combatting cybercrime have never been examined. This research fills the gap by exploring the predictors of officer support for cross-sectoral partnerships within the framework of nodal governance security in the cultural context of South Korea.
"Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to reflect on the reporting of cybercrime in Australia, specifically the reporting of fraud. Design/methodology/approach - Using an evaluation of the (former) Australian Cybercrime Online Reporting Network (ACORN), this paper provides a commentary on the report findings, including both positive and negative aspects of the reporting mechanism. Findings - The paper focuses on three key challenges that were identified in the evaluation: victim satisfaction; quality of data; and unintended consequences. Each of these topics is outlined and located within a broader context to better understand the evaluation findings. Research limitations/implications - This viewpoint paper is a commentary based upon an evaluation of ACORN which itself has several limitations of its methodology. Despite this, the evaluation provides important insights into the challenges that currently exist with the online reporting of fraud offences both in Australia, and worldwide. Practical implications - This paper emphasises the structural and systemic issues that exist for the reporting of fraud in Australia. It therefore warns against placing blame exclusively on police agencies as responsible for these results. Instead, it advocates the need for society to take a more coordinated and collaborative approach to the policing of fraud, which includes law enforcement, government and industry partners. Social implications - The paper documents some of the underlying reasons for additional trauma and harm experienced by victims of fraud in their efforts to report their incident and receive what they perceive to be an appropriate criminal justice response. These must be acknowledged in order to make the required change. Originality/value - This paper is a commentary and reflection on the current way in which fraud is reported in Australia. It points to a need to rethink this approach in some key areas. It highlights the critical need for an education campaign to dispel some of the myths that exist in relation to realistic police responses to fraud, and also calls for the need to consider alternatives to the exclusively online system currently in operation, as well as larger questions about notions of justice and appropriate responses to fraud victims."
By January 2021, the number of Internet users amounted to 4.7 billion, while the social media audience hit the 4.2 billion mark. Two-thirds of the world's population use mobile phones daily. The average Internet user spends 42% of his time in the global network. These figures prove convincingly that the Internet has become an integral part of human life. However, man's using the Internet involves increasingly the risk of cybercrime perpetrated against the user. The purpose of the research is to assess the potential of Big Data technologies to combat cyber fraud as a form of cybercrime. The study used the statistical data provided by the Prosecutor General's Office of the Russian Federation and the publications in scientific journals. The methodological basis of the research is represented by a combination of general scientific and special scientific methods, with analysis, statistical method and systemic approach being the major tools. It was found in the course of the research that fraud constitutes the majority of crimes on the Internet. To counteract it, mobile operators and banks use anti-fraud techniques based on Big Data analysis. The paper provides an overview of services and programmes based on artificial intelligence and Big Data technologies, aimed at detecting and preventing telephone and internet fraud, used by law enforcement agencies in various countries. The paper concludes that Big Data has changed the vector of law enforcement activity from reactive to proactive.
In this work we present technical profiles for computer and Internet user. These profiles are made taking in account academic formation from high school to undergraduate studies in Mexico. We have analyzed high school schedules from the most important Mexican Universities. We made a similar task with undergraduate studies considering engineering, social and humanistic careers and also medical and health studies. We consider to do this work technical training, international standards about Informatics Security, Data Centers installation and operation standards. We propose four profiles including knowledge, competence for computer and Internet users to improve the Informatics Security and to prevent risks about cybercrime.
Like most criminological research, much of the research on hacking has predominantly focused upon the Northern Metropolis. As a result, there is a lack of focus on cybercrime within the Global South, particularly on illegal intrusions into computer systems, more colloquially known as hacking. This article provides a critical overview of hacking in the Global South, highlighting the role of strain in this offending behaviour. In particular, the authors note the role of Australian, American, and Taiwanese immigration policies that act to block offenders' transitions from illicit hacking to legitimate employment in technological hubs outside of the Global South. To address these blocked opportunities, this article suggests the use of innovative justice paradigms, particularly restorative justice and regulatory self-enforcement, that respond to innovation-based cybercrime while also facilitating offender movement into white hat employment, even in cases of technology-facilitated sexual violence.
This paper deals with one of the controversial topics in the Criminal Code, namely the moral element of the crime, known as the criminal intent or the intention of committing the crime, for a range of crimes of great importance and widespread, namely cyber crimes. The study of the moral element of these crimes raises the importance of being related to the intent and will of the offender, which raises controversy, difficulties and problems, both in terms of forms of criminal intent on the one hand, and in terms of the process of proof in the electronic environment on the other. Therefore, the researchers dealt with this topic to identify those problems related to the moral element in two topics: The first topic deals with the problems of the general model (general purpose) of the moral element in cybercrime. The second topic concerns the forms of moral element in cybercrime. The study concluded a number of conclusions and recommendations related to this subject.
Phishing is among the most concerning issues in a constantly changing world. The increasing use of the Internet has led to a new way of stealing data, known as cybercrime. Cybercrime refers to stealing private information and violating privacy through computers. The primary technique used is phishing. Phishing via URLs (Uniform Resource Locators) is one of the most common types, and its primary goal is to steal the data from the user when the user accesses the malicious website. Detecting a malicious URL is a significant challenge. This work aims to provide a solution for detecting such websites with the help of machine learning algorithms focused on the behaviors and qualities of the suggested URL. The web security community has created blacklisting services to identify malicious websites. A variety of methods, such as manual reporting, and site analysis heuristics are used to create these blacklists. Due to their recentness, lack of evaluation, or incorrect evaluation, many malicious websites inadvertently escape blacklisting. To create a machine learning model for detecting whether a URL is malicious or not, algorithms such as Random Forests, Decision Trees, Light GBM, Logistic Regression, and Support Vector Machine (SVM) are used. Extracting features is the first step, and applying the model is the next step.
Over the past decade, considerable research effort has been devoted to articulating and measuring the various ways through which cyber crime impacts overall society. The large volume of literature on the topic contains few attempts to produce estimates of the financial impact of specific cyber incidents and little agreement on how to derive such estimates. An important substrata of this literature focuses on placing a monetary value on the costs of cyber crime but little is known about the long-term economic impact to society. In this article, we first assess the shortcomings of existing cost estimates and focus on the relevant issues pertinent to the feasibility of deriving valid and useful estimates beyond cost-benefit analyses. Following a mixed top-down/bottom-up methodology, we propose a theoretical framework to systematically identify the short and long-term impacts of cyber crime both at the agent and societal level. This framework serves as the foundation to assess the economic consequences of cyber crime beyond monetary costs by focusing on the impact on economic growth.
Underground forums are used to discuss and organise cybercrime (as well as more conventional social activities). These forums are also commonly used for exchanging various digital currencies, either gained through the profits of crime or through less controversial means. Understanding the link between discussions of illicit behaviour and currency exchange can provide insights to identify money laundering and other parts of the cybercrime supply chain. In this paper we use natural language processing to classify posts from HackForums by crime type over a period of more than 10 years. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first time that this type of classification has been used for this large forum dataset. Although the majority of conversations in the forum were identified as relating to non-criminal discussions, we concentrate on the types of crimes being discussed by those exchanging currencies. We find the most popular topics are related to trading credentials and bots and malware. PayPal was one of the most widely advertised digital currencies and we observe significant displacement from Liberty Reserve to Bitcoin after the former was taken down in 2013. Rather than an explicit 'cashing out' mechanism, in which cryptocurrencies gained through crime flow into state-backed fiat currencies, we instead see a circulation of capital between different forms, as cash is held and then cashed back and forward according to movements in the wider currency market. We continue our examination of discussions of cryptocurrencies and explore how the underground market has reacted to new opportunities, with a qualitative case study about Facebook's putative 'Diem' coin. We find that while most discussions are related to the technical details and potential investment opportunities, some potential cybercrime use-cases are raised.
"Criminal jurisdiction and prosecution in cyberspace has become a universal problem due to the difficulty of identifying the crime scene and tracking the criminal from a digital footprint. Globally, we are experiencing unprecedented cyberspace criminal activity comprising terrorism, espionage, extortion schemes, global financial system attacks, human trafficking, and ransomware. Criminal activity does not just focus on taking the cyber network hostage; it could disrupt life-saving medical equipment, the aviation industry, or power grids that impact essential services to citizens around the globe. Most research to date has been focused on the enactment of criminal legislation, investigative tools, and prosecution of cybercrimes, but very little attention has been given to post-conviction matters such as sentencing, deterrence or victim impact. The purpose of this research is to survey the cybercrime laws both in the United States and the European Union, and provide a comparative analysis of the variation in these laws and recommendations for improvement. The question of whether the punishment is tailored to fit the crime has raised interest from a national and international perspective due not only to the diversity of cybercrime laws, but the deterrent impact from the penalty or punishment that can be imposed in a case. Some scholars and experts find the sanctions, penalties and punishments too severe, while others argue the law does not go far enough to punish the cybercriminal. The sanctions and punishment for recent high profile cybercriminal activity will be analyzed. Through empirical research the paper identifies the criminal frameworks of selected countries and provides examples of model criminal cyber laws that include the penalties most important in combatting and deterring criminals in cyberspace."
The inception of blockchain catapulted the development of innovative use cases utilizing the trustless, decentralized environment, empowered by cryptocurrencies. The envisaged benefits of the technology includes the divisible nature of a cryptocurrency, that can facilitate payments in fractions of a cent, enabling micropayments through the blockchain. Micropayments are a critical tool to enable financial inclusion and to aid in global poverty alleviation. The paper conducts a study on the economic impact of blockchain-based micropayment systems, emphasizing their significance for socioeconomic benefit and financial inclusion. The paper also highlights the contribution of blockchain-based micropayments to the cybercrime economy, indicating the critical need of economic regulations to curtail the growing threat posed by the digital payment mechanism.
Although numerous studies on cybercrime have been undertaken, very little is known about the BEC scam and its effects on economic sustainability in Nigeria. Using data collected via various methods, this study examines the implications of the BEC scam as cyber victimization on the economic infrastructure of corporate organizations in Cross River State, Nigeria. A specifically structured questionnaire and an in-depth interview with staff (n = 1087) was conducted and the data received were analyzed using descriptive statistics, logistic regression, and content analysis. Findings revealed that BEC victimization is increasing, and has adversely affected such corporate organizations as banks, telecommunications firms, and manufacturing companies. The organization one works for is an important factor in determining one's vulnerability to BEC scamming. Therefore, a multilateral cybersecurity and cyber-intelligence relationship between the various corporations and government departments is necessary for adequate protection of critical infrastructures. This multi-sectoral approach to cyber-law enforcement requires the installation of uncompromised internal physical and digital access control in order to strengthen targets. This demands robust organizational cyberspace surveillance to complement the existing government counter-cybercrime implementations.
The article is of interest to managers and scientists at all levels who deal with combating cyber threats. The study analyzed the security environment and confirmed the rapid growth of malware and cyberattacks. The stages of development of cybercrime are analyzed, and the most significant cyberattacks that have taken place in recent years are identified. Statistics on the number of cyberattacks and their devastating impact on economies are presented. A brief description of the available types of malware and the algorithm of unauthorised entry of cyber attackers into the system is given. The article offers a variant of developing the concept of cybersecurity, defines the range of participants in ensuring the organisation's cybersecurity, and formulates an algorithm for its development and operation.
By January 2021, the number of Internet users amounted to 4.7 billion, while the social media audience hit the 4.2 billion mark. Two-thirds of the world's population use mobile phones daily. The average Internet user spends 42% of his time in the global network. These figures prove convincingly that the Internet has become an integral part of human life. However, man's using the Internet involves increasingly the risk of cybercrime perpetrated against the user. The purpose of the research is to assess the potential of Big Data technologies to combat cyber fraud as a form of cybercrime. The study used the statistical data provided by the Prosecutor General's Office of the Russian Federation and the publications in scientific journals. The methodological basis of the research is represented by a combination of general scientific and special scientific methods, with analysis, statistical method and systemic approach being the major tools. It was found in the course of the research that fraud constitutes the majority of crimes on the Internet. To counteract it, mobile operators and banks use anti-fraud techniques based on Big Data analysis. The paper provides an overview of services and programmes based on artificial intelligence and Big Data technologies, aimed at detecting and preventing telephone and internet fraud, used by law enforcement agencies in various countries. The paper concludes that Big Data has changed the vector of law enforcement activity from reactive to proactive.
This study examines the functionality and propagation patterns of computer viruses, worms, and Trojan horses detected during a 12-month period beginning on January 1, 2004. Using data obtained from threat reports prepared by a major vendor of computer security products, the authors find that these unique forms of cybercrime warrant general concern but that their overall threat to corporate, government, and end computer users thus far has been exaggerated. The authors conclude that greater attention must be paid to the role of the computer user in the spread of viruses and other malicious software and to the small handful of chronic offenders who contribute disproportionately to the problem.
Researchers analyze underground forums to study abuse and cybercrime activities. Due to the size of the forums and the domain expertise required to identify criminal discussions, most approaches employ supervised machine learning techniques to automatically classify the posts of interest. Human annotation is costly. How to select samples to annotate that account for the structure of the forum? We present a methodology to generate stratified samples based on information about the centrality properties of the population and evaluate classifier performance. We observe that by employing a sample obtained from a uniform distribution of the post degree centrality metric, we maintain the same level of precision but significantly increase the recall (+30%) compared to a sample whose distribution is respecting the population stratification. We find that classifiers trained with similar samples disagree on the classification of criminal activities up to 33% of the time when deployed on the entire forum.
Online crimes such as frauds have grown substantially in volume over the last 20 years, with the associated changes in technology such as the internet and use of email. The state response through the police has lagged in many countries with law enforcement often struggling to cope with the volume and new challenges of such crimes. Private policing has traditionally filled the gap through commercial forms where clients are willing to pay through to voluntary actions such as vigilantism. Cybercrime has not escaped such outcomes with a growing voluntary sector responding to such crimes. In doing so there have been a wide range of such responses ranging from vigilantism through to state supported initiatives. This paper seeks to chart this voluntary response and in doing so conceptulizes it through three waves of voluntarism.
Modern societies across the globe rely more on technology every day. While such advances have made some aspects of life easier, there is an increasing risk of cybercrime that can jeopardize national security and economic vitality. The purpose of this study is to build cybercriminal profiles in order to better predict future cyber-threats and create a more targeted prevention strategy for South Korea. The FBI's criminal profiling analysis is employed. Data were derived from court records and news media documents reporting computer hacking incidents in South Korea between 2010 and 2019. Our analysis shows that there are differences in motivations, attack methods, and accomplices in computer hacking incidents between youth and adult hackers. Policy implications are discussed.
Detecting electronic crimes is a big challenge as they are tainted with a large number of imperfections such as imprecision and uncertainty. For this reason, we must choose a perfect tool to detect cybercrime taking place in an uncertain environment. In this paper, we are proposing a high-level data fusion approach based on evidence theory (Dempster-Shafer theory) which aims at improving the reliability of cybercrimes detection process using a more improved decision consisting in merging complementary decisions from two independent classifiers, namely Support Vector Machine (SVM) and Artificial Neural network (ANN) in an uncertain environment. In fact, the retained approach is characterized by its capability to overcome the uncertain data nature.
Public health responses to the COVID-19 pandemic since March 2020 have led to lockdowns and social distancing in most countries around the world, with a shift from the traditional work environment to virtual one. Employees have been encouraged to work from home where possible to slow down the viral infection. The massive increase in the volume of professional activities executed online has posed a new context for cybercrime, with the increase in the number of emails and phishing websites. Phishing attacks have been broadened and extended through years of pandemics COVID-19. This paper presents a novel approach for detecting phishing Uniform Resource Locators (URLs) applying the Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU), a fast and highly accurate phishing classifier system. Comparative analysis of the GRU classification system indicates better accuracy (98.30%) than other classifier systems.
The intensity of cyberattacks aimed at information resources of Polish organisations is growing. Polish entrepreneurs are concerned about hacking attacks and cybercrime prevalent in the contemporary digital world. Tools traditionally applied in the cybersecurity area are becoming insufficient in ensuring protection against ever more sophisticated types of cyberattacks. Therefore, it seems reasonable to search for new solutions that can support organisations in combating cyberthreats. One of them can be application of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in the domain of information and data management in Polish organisations. These solutions offer new capacities that can be successfully utilised for the benefit of organisations that wish to secure themselves against growing occurrences of cyberattacks. Yet, the knowledge of Polish organisations pertaining to possibility of applying AI in the cybersecurity area is relatively low. This needs to be changed as the application of AI in this domain is no longer an option but a necessity.
The Great Firewall of China (GFW) has become a familiar trope in information security circles. China is comparatively shut off from the rest of the Internet, with extensive censorship and blocking of websites, especially those hosted outside China. The Chinese public use a variety of methods to circumvent the extensive online censorship practised by the Chinese state. In scaling the Great Firewall, these ordinary users of the Internet now make use of so-called airport services which allow tunnelling through to censored websites. This has resulted in the emergence of both an illicit ecosystem of censorship circumvention providers and a population of scammers who set up fake or unreliable services to con these would-be everyday Internet freedom enthusiasts. We have discovered, through scraping the public chat channels used by airport providers, that this anti-censorship ecosystem is beginning to develop highly organised methods of self-policing, making co-ordinated use of technicques associated with malicious cybercrime to force these scammers offline and promote a healthy market. While so-called booter services - websites where users can purchase Denial of Service attacks for a small fee - have generally been used for malicious purposes, amusement, protest, or extortion, our research suggests that in the Chinese censorship circumvention market they are being used for internal policing.
The threat of attacks enabled by malicious software, or programs used to compromise computer systems and steal information, has increased dramatically over the last two decades. There has, however, been little research considering the correlates of malware infection victimization. Thus, this study attempts to refine the existing literature on malware victimization using multiple measures for the presence of an infection and a Routine Activities framework to identify the correlates of infection in a sample of students, faculty, and staff at a southeastern university. The implications of this study for criminological theory and cybercrime research are discussed in detail.
The 2013 Norton Cyber Security reports reveal that South Africa has the third highest number of cybercrime victims in the word - only surpassed by China and Russia. This paper critically reviews one area, the cyber security of small companies, which plays a significant role in putting SA is in this unenviable position, and suggests a plan of action to address the identified area. It is well reported that small companies are increasingly becoming major targets for cyber criminals. Major reasons for this are that small companies do not have the expert security knowledge and often cannot afford to get their own cyber security house in order. Compromising the cyber security measures of small companies in SA can have a crucial impact on the general cyber security of SA as a whole. This paper will investigate this aspect with the main objective of presenting a Plan of Action to improve the situation.
Cyberstalking has many new manifestations with the opportunities offered by modern technology. It is a growing issue that presents significant distress to its victims. This type of crime presents difficulty to computer forensic investigators in large amounts of digital evidence accumulated over time and in offender apprehension. There is currently little research in the profiling the cyberstalker through a digital investigation. However, techniques employed for dead-end offline investigations, including criminal profiling are also be applied to cybercrime. This research focuses on developing a profiling methodology for profiling the cyberstalker. We adopted the Behavioural Evidence Analysis methodology to the digital investigation process and attempted to construct our profiling methodology. The methodology was evaluated by using a simulation of stalking behaviours to produce a technical, as well as a criminal profile. The aim of this work is to provide a starting point on the profiling of the cyberstalker. The investigators could then proceed with informed assumptions about the offender, according to his digital traces and also achieve reduced time for the digital investigation.
Victim selection has been thoroughly modelled mathematically in the biological realm. However, this methodology has not been adequately applied in the cybersecurity realm. There has been some application of biological mathematical modelling to counter terrorism, criminology, and cyber security. These existing applications demonstrate the applicability of such models to specific cyber issues. What is currently lacking, and what is explored in this current paper, is application of such mathematics to victim selection in cybercrimes. Such an application of mathematics to cyber crime not only improves analysis of the crime in question but can also assist in investigation. If prey selection is better understood, then finding additional victims of a threat actor can be facilitated. Furthermore, probabilistic prediction of likely victims can also be achieved. This paper outlines a process for applying differential equations from biological predator-prey relationships to cybercrime.
The Isis toolkit offers the sophisticated capabilities required to analyze digital personas and provide investigators with clues to the identity of the individual or group hiding behind one or more personas.
Phishingis a fraudulent process and a form of cybercrime where an attacker tries to obtain sensitive information for malicious use. A phisher uses social engineering and technical deception to fetch private information from the web user. Previous Machine Learning (ML) approaches have been used to detect whether URLs are valid, or invalid. The purpose of this work is to detect, or predict, the three stages of Phishing URLs starting with valid, not enough info and invalid URLs. We will investigate different potential models that are trained by Machine Learning algorithms and find out which of these models has better accuracy.
Currently, about half of all global enterprises are adopting and using some form of cloud computing services. In cloud computing, potential digital evidence is distributed across multiple isolated virtual machine instances. Investigating deleted or inactive virtual instances of a cloud is a challenge to digital forensics, and the traditional methods of digital forensics are inadequate to address such digital forensic investigation. Users of the public cloud (whether a potential victim of a cyberattack, a cybercriminal or a digital forensic investigator) inherently communicate using natural human language in the form of sentences and semantics in document messaging such as texts, emails or instant messages. Consequently, natural human language interaction provides a unique identifier for cloud users. This study leverages the natural human language as an identifier to develop a novel digital forensic readiness (DFR) framework for cloud computing to detect cybercrime. The DFR framework comprises the integration of natural language processing techniques in designing a process that mimics a near real-time approach towards cybercrime detection in a cloud environment. Natural language understanding techniques are used to analyse textdata of users in the public cloud and textdata of reported cybercrimes to develop a DFR framework. In the preliminary formation of the DFR framework, the output shows that cybercrime attacks that are in progress in the form of textdata such as online documents, instant messages or emails within an organizational cloud domain can be identified, and potentially investigated swiftly, using the unique signature of users as identifiers. When adopted, the proposed DFR framework can minimize the time lapses in incident identification and reduce the subsequent investigation time of cybercrimes in the public cloud domain.
Today's technological developments have resulted in the emergence of various new crimes threatening the international community. In recent decades, there have been various forms of cybercrimes targeted at the communication networks and defense systems of countries by other countries, known as cyher warfare. Unfortunately, international law has not specified this as a crime, but its impact has caused violations of sovereignty and disruption of national security, resulting in material loss, breakdown of communication networks and obstruction of social and public services based on the hamlet, such as what happened in Estonia in 2007. This article is a normative study that analyzes the elements of cybercrime relating to threats to a country's security. The modification of the cybercrime concept is necessary to designate cybercrimes as crimes of aggression amid technological development to maintain stability in the international community.
This article uses the Convention on Cybercrime as a case study to illustrate the functional integration of international law into diverse national legal systems through the paradigm of treaty harmonization. Nations control the impact of international regulation on domestic business interests by implementing legislation to preserve fundamental rights. Thus, the sovereignty-based legal harmonization model better explains the baseline characteristics of national sovereignty while recognizing that global cooperation in business is a necessary and positive feature of multilateralism. Critics dismiss sovereignty as irrelevant, claiming instead that a new world order has emerged in its place. That kind of deconstructionist talk typically injects fear of multilateralism into the global business community. However, the premise is flawed because it ignores the actual mechanics of treaty accession and the synergy between international law and commerce in the global legal environment. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Visual cryptography is a cryptographic technique which allows visual information to be encrypted in such a way that decryption becomes a mechanical operation that does not require a computer. In this paper, we intend to study the different application areas of Visual Cryptography. Visual Cryptography is a wide area of research used in data hiding, securing images, color imaging, multimedia and other such fields. Visual Cryptography comes in the field of data hiding used in cybercrime, file formats etc. This paper focuses on the application areas of visual cryptography from four different research papers/journals which talk about the most important application areas of visual cryptography.
There has been a rapid increase in the use of mobile devices to conduct online business transactions by ordinary people across the globe. Currently, commercial banks and retail stores are all encouraging their customers to do most of the transactions through online channels. The current types of mobile devices provide such easy access and convenience for consumers. However, there are risks associated with these new cyberspace tools. The ordinary customers who unwittingly utilize this cyberspace are prone to cyber-attacks conducted by the ever alert and ruthless cyber criminals. The 2013 Norton Report on cybercrime puts South Africa on number 3 (at 73%) behind China (at 77%) and Russia (at 85%) in terms of the number of cybercrime victims. The study was conducted in 24 countries involving about 13,022 online adults aged between 18 and 64. These figures indicate that cybercrime is a real problem in South Africa. Cyber criminals always have mechanisms of getting easy access to unprotected data that these ordinary people transmit or store on their mobile devices. The criminals use the data for unorthodox activities such unauthorized bank debits. SD cards can either be removed from these devices or accessed through Bluetooth without the users' knowledge and the data can be used for criminal activities. In these difficult financial times, mobile device users easily fall victims to cyber criminals through many ways such as phishing and spoofing. The unsuspecting mobile device users oblige by divulging their personal and banking details to cyber criminals. Cyber criminals are difficult to track and their network is so complicated to untangle and under these circumstances business organizations cannot guarantee their customers with complete security. Therefore, ordinary mobile device users frequently fall prey to the cyber criminals and lose a lot of data, information and money. Some users have, however, become aware of the dangers of the cyberspace in which they use their mobile devices and seem to be taking precautionary measures to protect themselves against such criminal activities. This paper reports on a case study which was carried out in Thohoyandou area with ordinary users of mobile devices. The paper examines the prevalence of cybercrimes in Thohoyandou and the mechanism that users put in place to counter such crimes. Lastly the paper proposes some strategies that users could use to protect themselves against these malicious activities.
The rampant absorption of Bitcoin as a cryptographic currency, along with rising cybercrime activities, warrants utilization of anomaly detection to identify potential fraud. Anomaly detection plays a pivotal role in data mining since most outlying points contain crucial information for further investigation. In the financial world which the Bitcoin network is part of by default, anomaly detection amounts to fraud detection. This paper investigates the use of trimmed k-means, that is capable of simultaneous clustering of objects and fraud detection in a multivariate setup, to detect fraudulent activity in Bitcoin transactions. The proposed approach detects more fraudulent transactions than similar studies or reports on the same dataset.
The innovative potential of blockchain technology proves to be convenient and useful in different sectors, but these opportunities may also be disruptive and create challenges. This paper investigates technical, risk and security related challenges of blockchain. The use of this technology is viewed in light of financial crime that pose a threat to security on national and international level as well. Firstly, elements of blockchain technology and the reasons they really matter are explained. Secondly, we focus on national security and how is it affected by the criminal use of cryptocurrencies. Thirdly, we elaborate on the lack of standards and mechanisms in connection with illegal activities, particularly money-laundering and financing terrorism. Finally, we suggest the use of fuzzy methods for security analysis and testing, and compatibility with GDPR for better protection of the recorded data in chain. We conclude that a collaboration of responsible entities in different sectors is needed as well as the investigation of potential ways in which actors can exploit further applications. The convergence of terrorism and cybercrime should be considered, and the necessary preventive actions taken.
One of the areas of cooperation among the BRICS countries is tackling the misuse of information and communication technologies for criminal activities. Each year, the number of cybercrimes continues to grow. Furthermore, the criminal regulation of cybercrimes in each country differs. This article aims to identify the features of criminal liability for cybercrimes in the BRICS countries and offer potential solutions for developing joint legislation initiatives. The primary focus of this discussion is on cybercrime provisions that can be found in the legal acts of the Federative Republic of Brazil, the Russian South Africa. The main finding of this research is that the criminal law of each country contains different corpus delicti for dealing with crimes committed in cyberspace. There are also differing conceptions of what constitutes cybercrime. The author proposes the enactment of a common document for the BRICS countries that would contain a shared understanding of cybercrimes as well as the various types of cybercrimes. It is possible to divide cybercrimes into two categories: special cybercrimes committed in the field of computer information and general criminal cybercrimes executed using information technology to commit any other common criminal offences. The results of this research can be used to study the problems of criminal responsibility for cybercrimes in the BRICS countries as well as analyze the ways in which the rules under consideration are actually applied in practice.
Research on delinquency reduction often highlights the importance of identifying and sanctioning antisocial and illegal activities so as to reduce the likelihood of future offending. The rise of digital technology complicates the process of detecting cybercrimes and technology enabled offenses, as individuals can use devices from anywhere to engage in various harmful activities that may appear benign to an observer. Despite the growth of cybercrime research, limited studies have examined the extent to which technology enabled offenses are detected, or the behavioral and attitudinal factors associated with being unobserved or caught for one's actions. The current study addresses this gap in the literature by estimating a multinomial regression model for self-reported computer hacking behavior and the likelihood of those actions being detected in a large international sample of juveniles (N = 51,059). The findings demonstrate significant differences between youth who hack without detection compared to those who are caught. The implications of this analysis for our understanding of cybercrime and its relationship to traditional delinquency are explored in depth.
In recent years, the advances in computer hardware and mobile phones have finally met the demand of high-quality Virtual reality (VR) rendering. This has allowed VR simulator training to be extended into new and exciting fields. One of these new-found areas is Crime scene investigative training for inexperienced police officers. It frees the inexperienced officers from the danger of damaging actual crime scenes during their training. The project aims at creating a technical prototype to prepare for making the current existing desktop based Virtual Crime Scene Simulator work in immersive VR. This demonstration paper reports on the implementation and design of this prototype
Online crime and victimization are widespread, and cyber-criminologists have made significant progress in understanding the extent and nature of many forms of cybercrime. Recurring online victimization, however, has been comparatively unexplored. Using self-report survey data collected from 541 college women, the current study seeks to examine various forms of repeated online victimization, including unwanted sexual advances, harassment, and unsolicited contacts. Specifically, the current study explores how individual characteristics, situational factors, and behavioral routines are associated with repeat online victimization. The findings revealed that behavioral routines related to the hookup culture had the most explanatory power in understanding the repeat online victimization of college women. These findings provide guidance for prevention, policy, and research.
The Peep attack is a variant application of a Botnet. This paper proposes a forensic procedure to analyze the attack behavior and explains how to carry out a computer crime investigation. We also discuss the well-known Botnets engaged in the execution of a Peep attack. In our paper, we describe a Peep attack on the Internet as the paradigm of how a cyber-investigator needs to act in the case of a Cybercrime. When cyber detectives prepare to investigate a break in cyber security, there are some issues they must keep in mind and face up to. It is crucial to swiftly preserve digital evidence and conduct forensic analysis that any useful evidence is seized soon after the cybercrime has been committed. Furthermore, there are two phases of digital forensic analysis to retrieve useful evidence when facing a cybercrime attack in our scheme. One phase observes the Internet attack action, and the other one introduces how to investigate each case in on-line analysis of sniffing packets and off-line examination of abnormal files. We believe that this analysis model is workable for any other form of Botnets presently being used. (C) 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
In this paper, a network model is developed in which three playersa profit-maximizing provider of cloud computing services, its consumers, and a hackersequentially choose their strategies. Several scenarios with different levels of data security and public prosecution of the hacker are analyzed. Especially for the case when no security measurements are available, a firm's strategy to limit the network size in order to render hacking unattractive is discussed in detail. Finally, policy implications are given implying better international cooperation of the law enforcement authorities.
As the use of the internet is expanding, crimes committed on the internet are also increasing. The means through which fraudsters carry out their schemes are widely known. The negative impacts arising from the activities of internet fraudsters are felt globally. Yet little is understood about the thinking patterns that allow perpetrators to carry on with such crimes. This may also explain why interventions are scarce. In this study, we interviewed 12 male youngsters who are actively engaged in internet fraud activities (11 in the community and 1 in prison custody) in Nigeria. The aim was to identify pro-criminal attitudes and cognitions that are supportive of perpetrating internet fraud. Thematic analysis was used to unpack findings from the interview transcripts. We found that peers were commonly identified to play a role in introducing youths to the crime. There was also tacit support from communities and families. Pro-criminal cognitions such as neutralization, entitlement, minimization, rationalizations, and dehumanization were found in the narratives of the youngsters. Interestingly, youngsters often rationalized and justified their actions using socio-political/socio-historical antecedents, a position we found was popular in the cybercrime space, especially in Nigeria. Our findings have implications for the designing and implementation of rehabilitation intervention for internet fraudsters.
The internet has brought both benefits and risks for academia. Predatory publishing and conferences are well-known, and less common academic cybercrime has also been identified, such as fraudulent conferences and journal hijacking. This study aimed to explore one further possible method for deceiving academics, namely, fraudulent accounts on social media. The study focused on two easily exploitable gaps in journals' social media engagement: whether journals have accounts on the most common social media platforms and whether journals use the same username across all their accounts. Evidence of fraudulent social media accounts was also sought. Drawing from a sample of 50 journals, the results indicate that many journals do not use social media, journals often use multiple usernames and fewer than half the accounts were officially verified. Some apparently fraudulent activity was found, but this was notably limited in scope and appeared to be politically rather than economically oriented. Further potential for deception was evident in accounts unaffiliated with a journal but registered with the journal's usernames and in the opportunity to create new social media accounts with journals' usernames. Journals are recommended to recognize this threat and some possible countermeasures are suggested.
This article examines two contrasting approaches to the governance of police investigations for ensuring that cybercrime-policing is lawful and ethical. The Netherlands has a national police force working under the direction of an equally centralised prosecution service according to specific laws on the use of special powers of surveillance, with evidence tested judicially when added incrementally to the case file. Theoretically, the process of adapting to the novel features of cybercrime policing should be much easier than within the much more fragmented policing structure in England and Wales, where unreliable evidence is challengeable only at the trial stage and the laws governing police action are equally fragmented. The Dutch police, however, have not found it easy to adapt concepts of covert policing developed in the 1990's to their online investigative activities, despite the existence of comparatively detailed guidance and case law for undercover policing in the 'real' world. In the UK, the police seem unsure which requirements and concepts actually apply to their different on-line-investigations. More generally, it is concluded that legal comparisons of the kind undertaken in this article can identify general bottlenecks and barriers to adapting to the cyber environment, but such analysis cannot identify best practices that are readily transferable from one country to another. Legal transplants are a potentially hazardous undertaking because any practices and policies that work successfully will do so because they are necessarily compliant with the underlying systemic legal-cultural factors that make each legal system unique. Indeed, we make no attempt to identify best practices, other than to remark that the centralised nature of Dutch policing seems to afford some advantage, although, for historical and legal-cultural reasons, centralisation is unlikely to be an option for the UK police forces
"The benefits of resorting to the cloud, as an efficient way to provide services, have long been recognised in the academic and industrial literature. However, as more and more companies are beginning to embrace the trend, it has also become clearer that the model offers unprecedented opportunities to cybercriminals: either by enabling them to compromise a myriad of services in a single shot or by allowing cyber-criminals to amplify their capabilities through a leverage of the technology offered by the cloud. This paper highlights the importance of an informed choice of a Cloud Service Provider (CSP) in minimising one's exposure to the insecurity of a cloud context. The paper proposes a well-defined approach, known as the Complete-Auditable-Reportable or C.A.RE, as a way to minimise one's exposure to the insecurity we live within the cloud. The C.A.RE approach helps to determine the adequacy of a CSP sponsored security by assessing its completeness in addressing most, if not all, risks that a service may be exposed to; the potential of that security to be adapted upon the identification of a security vulnerability during an audit, and how transparently such information is shared with the concerned Cloud Service Consumer (CSC). A level of assurance is associated to each of the C.A.RE parameters in order to help determine the overall trustworthiness of a CSP. The analysis and comparison of the C.A.RE approach to a well-known guideline as the Cloud Service Security Alliance guidelines, reveals that C.A.RE offers a clear and efficient way in determining a Trusted Cloud Service. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
Background. There is a historical narrative of fear surrounding cyber-crime. This has extended to cryptocurrencies (CCs), which are often viewed as a criminal tool. Aim. To carry out the first user study of CCs for illicit activity, from the perspective of underground and dark net forums. Method. We conducted a qualitative study, using a content analysismethod, of 16,405 underground and dark net forum posts selected from CrimeBB, a dataset of 100 million posts curated by the Cambridge Cybercrime Centre. Results. Firstly, finality of payments emerged as a major motivator for the use of CCs. Second, we propose an Operational Security Taxonomy for Illicit Internet Activity to show that CCs are only one part of several considerations that combine to form security in illicit internet transactions. Third, the dark net is hard to use and requires significant study, specialist equipment and advanced knowledge to achieve relative security. Conclusion. We argue that finality is the main advantage of CCs for this user group, not anonymity as widely thought. The taxonomy shows that banning CCs is unlikely to be effective. Finally, we contend that the dark net is a niche for criminal activity and fears over cybercrime cause the threat to be exaggerated.
Blockchain is an innovative technology that gives built-in security to any software or application. There is a wide range of applications for blockchain, from risk management to financial services, crypto-currencies and the Internet of Things (IoT). This innovation is based on transparency, immutability, security, efficiency and decentralization. It is a trending topic since cryptocurrencies are a hot topic in the market. Blockchain is a combination of mathematics, cryptography, algorithms and models. In this paper, we present a general overview of the security aspects of blockchain technology.
In January 2020, the World Health Organization announced an outbreak of SARS-CoV2, which caused COVID-19 coronavirus disease. Soon, a continuous outbreak of coronavirus infection was declared a pandemic. This situation has led to an increase in cybercrime. Cybercriminals did not stray from the situation and used the pandemic to commit various digital frauds and cyberattacks. As a result, the objective of the investigation was to analyze computer crimes at the COVID-19 scene and identify their social and legal consequences. This is a documentary-based investigation. It is concluded that, security standards have deteriorated in the context of forty social as many organizations were not prepared for remote work and the number of victims of cybercrime will only grow soon. International organizations and law enforcement agencies in many countries issue many recommendations to prevent digital criminal acts against businesses and citizens. This situation also prompted active legislation around the world to deal with the crisis. Most of the rules adopted in recent months are likely to be derogated.
By studying the psychological profile of cyberscam victims, we may be able to develop more effective methods to reduce the rates of this type of cybercrime substantially. This paper examined which psychological and socio-demographic characteristics predicted cyberscam victimhood, in general, and across individual cyberscams (including, consumer, charity, investment, and romance scams). In line with the hypotheses, more impulsive and neurotic individuals were more likely to be scammed by cyberscams, in general. Contrary to the hypotheses, those who scored high on internal locus of control, men, and educated people were more likely to be tricked by cyberscams, in general. Some important differences between the types of cyberscams were also identified. Investment scam victims were more likely to be older, men, and score higher on internal locus of control compared with the other cyberscam victims. Consumer scam victims, in contrast to other scam victims, were more likely to be women and were less educated. The work here suggests that there is merit in systematically characterizing different types of cyberfrauds and examining, in detail, a typology of cyberscam victims by scam type. It suggests that a 'one size fits all model' to explain cyberscam victimhood is limiting.
Rapid development has been observed in the deployment of communication technologies and the use of the Internet across the globe. Information exchange is the main aspect of use of such technologies in everyday life. Crimes associated with the misuse of information on the Internet are on the increase and are resulting in various losses. Saudi Arabia is one of the fastest developing countries in the Middle East, where the uptake of communication technologies such as the Internet and mobile technologies has risen sharply in recent years. These technologies are relatively new to the region when compared to developed countries. Therefore, the crimes associated with these technologies may be new to the people in the region. This paper investigates the cyber security awareness of the people in Saudi Arabia within different contexts. A quantitative online based survey was conducted to gather information related to cyber security awareness in Saudi Arabia. The study found that, although the participants had a good knowledge of IT, their awareness of the threats associated with cybercrime, cyber security practices, and the role of government and organisations in ensuring information safety across the Internet, is very limited. An application based model to create cyber security awareness in the region was preferred by the majority. The results indicated that, although cybercrime is on the rise, no specific approach is being followed to increase cyber security awareness in the region except for CERT regulations and online information on government websites. Additionally, Chi-Square test results (t(627)=3.85, p=0.013) indicated that Internet skills have an effect on cyber security practices from the users' end and there is an association between skill level and the security measures being implemented by organisations in the region. The study found that there is an immediate need to develop a model to create cyber security awareness in the region in order to combat cybercrime.
Participants attending this special lecture will learn why current laws prohibiting cyberstalking are difficult to enforce and how an additional protocol to the Budapest Convention could help.
An unauthorized leak of information that is not tolerable always implies inadequate or poor security measures of information. Globally, the hospitality industry has in the recent past been targeted by cybercrimes. Management of cybercrimes are divided into facets like policies of security frameworks, cyber-threats, and management appreciating the value of Information Technology investment. These aspects possess a notable influence on the information security of an organization. This study's purpose is to examine cybersecurity activities of network threats, electronic information, and the techniques of preventing cybercrime in hotels. Helping Chief Information Officers (CIO) and the directors of information technology is the main aim of the research to improve policy for electronic information security in the hospitality industry and recommending several tools and techniques to stabilize the network of computers. Further, to protect personal information disclosure for the visitors, an information hiding technique has been proposed by utilizing the least significant bits (LSBs) of each pixel of grayscale image adopting XOR features of the host image (HI) pixels. Also, the proposed technique successfully withstands various steganalysis attacks like regular and singular (RS) attack, pixel difference histogram (PDH) attack, and subtractive pixel adjacency matrix (SPAM) steganalysis.
Background: Phishing is a cybercrime in which the attackers usually impersonate a trusted source. The attackers usually send an email that contains a link that allows them to steal the receiver's personal information. In the United States, phishing is the number one cybercrime by victim count according to the Federal Bureau of Investigation's 2019 internet crime report. Several studies investigated ways to increase awareness and improve employees' resistance to phishing attacks. However, in 2019, successful phishing attacks continued to rise at a high rate Objective: The objective of this study was to investigate the influence of personality-based antecedents on phishing susceptibility in a health care context. Methods: Survey data were collected from participants through Amazon Mechanical Turk to test a proposed conceptual model using structural equation modeling. Results: A total of 200 participants took part. Health concerns, disposition to trust, and risk-taking propensity yielded higher phishing susceptibility. This highlights the important of personality-based factors in phishing attacks. In addition, females had a higher phishing susceptibility than male participants Conclusions: While previous studies used health concerns as a motivator for contexts such as sharing personal health records with providers, this study shed light on the danger of higher health concerns in enabling the number one cybercrime.
The Internet and advances in modern technology have greatly enhanced people's ability to interact worldwide. Furthermore, social media has radically transformed communication and changed the behaviour of society. This has led social media to become an important platform for businesses to interact with customers, build brand communities and market their products and services. It also provides customers with information exchange, reviews and support. Overall this has improved and advanced long-term relationships between brands and customers. However, these advantages have come at a cost that largely stems from cybercrime, which has become a major concern. Norton (2011) reported that there are 14 cybercrime victims a second, and with the increase in internet use, that figure is likely to have risen since 2011. Recent studies have found an increase in cybercrime on social media, particularly phishing, which saw a 500% increase the fourth quarter of 2016 (Proofpoint, 2016). Phishing is a form of online fraud initially done through email in which criminals pose as someone else using deception facilitated by online anonymity. A new development in social media phishing emerged in 2015: angler phishing. This type of phishing differs from traditional email phishing, as it involves the cybercriminals creating social media accounts that mimic well-known businesses to gain information. This form of phishing is particularly insidious due to the ease with which brand impersonation can be carried out on social media, the lack of effort required by the criminal, the potential reputational damage to the brand and the social media platform. Additionally and importantly, the damage caused to the victim where there are, for example, cases of identity fraud. The primary research for this paper identified a gap in the literature and sets out to investigate parts involved in angler phishing, why criminals have adopted angler phishing, and it outlines how these attacks differ from traditional phishing techniques. The paper also touches on the specific challenges faced when dealing with social media angler phishing. Suggesting that solutions must be collaborative and include multiple agencies such as government and industry for better outcomes. Specifically, it is argued that social media and brands must take responsibility in dealing with angler phishing and promote greater user awareness.
Over the last decade, there has been a rise in cybercrime services offered on a feefor-service basis, enabling individuals to direct attacks against various targets. One of the recent services offered involves stresser or booter operators, which offer distributed reflected denial of service (DRDoS) attacks on an hourly or subscription basis. These attacks involve the use of malicious traffic reflected off of webservers to increase the volume of traffic, which is directed toward websites and servers rendering them unusable. Researchers have examined DRDoS attacks using real-time data, though few have considered the experience of their customers and the factors associated with the likelihood of successful attack outcomes. This study examines this issue using a binary logistic regression analysis of survey responses from a population of stresser clients. The implications of this study for our understanding of the social factors underlying cyberattacks is discussed in depth.
Cybercriminal markets serve as hubs for offenders and enable the sale of illegal goods and services. Thus far, the primary tactics that have been employed against these sites are arrests of cybercriminals and takedowns of marketplace infrastructure. This research note examines a different genus of disruptive strategy: attacks on user reputation. In this area, there has been some scholarly discussion of slander and Sybil operations as a means of fostering distrust. But carrying out empirical work on the effectiveness of these tactics is challenging. This research note presents a possible method for investigating this topic: social laboratory experiments. It reports on a feasibility pilot study inspired by cybercrime disruption, but which speaks to a broader range of extra-legal markets.
The global situation with cybercrime is worsening. The study aims to investigate the concept of lawful behavior in the context of challenges facing the IT sector and from the perspective of previous and modern theoretical and legal views concerning the formation of lawful behavior. The paper outlines factors that shape the lawful behavior of digital natives. The results of the literature review suggest that a digital shift of legal relations objectively reduces the role of the socio-hierarchical factor in the formation of lawful behavior. This research is of practical interest to specialists in legal and sociological fields.
The article briefly expresses the possibilities of creating a cybernetic space model of the current Internet environment as a classic means of committing cyber crime as well as detecting these forms of crime. Part of the paper deals with the basic principles of the use of artificial intelligence to identify (identify) the basic and possible virtual images of criminalistic versions, primary and even urgent acts at the crime scene through operative search activities, and possible simplified evidence of cyber crime in criminal proceedings. It also deals briefly with international cooperation and prevention of cyber security in active cyber defense and the fight against cyber crime using police experience.
This article examines the laws that apply to encryption in New Zealand. Specifically, it analyses the different types of law that constitute an encryption legal framework in the country, namely: export control, substantive cybercrime, criminal procedure, human rights, and information security and data protection. The article then utilises the encryption laws and legal framework to evaluate a proposal by the Five Eyes intelligence alliance to regulate the use of end-to-end encryption in messaging services. The article concludes that the proposal is incompatible with the country's encryption legal framework.
"The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) is a political and economic union of the Arab states, comprising some of the fastest growing economies in the world due to the prevalence of oil and gas industry and more recently due to significant investments in the digital economy. However, in recent years, rates of cybercrime and cyber-threats have risen significantly, posing challenges to the security and economic performance of the region. This article deals with the necessity to engage in transnational cooperation to counter the complex challenges posed by cybercrime across the GCC. Interviews were held with members of the GCC political elite who hold expertise in cybersecurity affairs. An analysis is presented of cybersecurity threats in the region, problems of strategic cooperation and lack of dialogue to tackle common challenges in the areas of cybercrime and cybersecurity. Finally, specific aspects of GCC cybersecurity policy are discussed: preventive and mitigation actions; potential intraregional and international cooperation avenues; and the formulation of effective strategy to enhance cybersecurity capabilities and resilience. Although grounded in the GCC as a regional bloc, the findings also carry implications for other contexts, especially other Middle East and North Africa countries and, thus, represent a promising avenue for future research."
In today's cybersecurity landscape, the primary goal is to protect against threats, but cybersecurity's influence extends beyond mere defense. We highlight how cybersecurity practices can impact productivity in both software development and day-to-day operations.
The widespread diffusion of the digital culture and technology, involving both individual and population, together with the fast pacing digital globalization process (far surpassing political' globalization), is radically changing the world social landscape, including medicine and clinical research. The most significant change in clinical research is the ever more frequent acceptance of observational data, both through the use of registry of rare or common conditions and the implementation of capillary networks recording the daily clinical practice (Electronic Health Recording system). By becoming observational' clinical practice should change significantly: (i) record of different data (epidemiological, clinical, and administrative) in inter-operational database, producing a dynamic map of the health demands, either met or not, that allows a reconfiguration of the health systems capable to adapt to the shifting clinical needs. Implicate the larger group possible of patients and healthy individuals, who, through smartphone technology, could participate in primary and secondary prevention projects and epidemiological analyses. (ii) Support scientific research by integrating it with the clinical practice as instrument of good government that is scientific evidence-based Public Health System: the Learning Health System. The road will be long and gruelling. A first negative by-product is the proliferation of cybercrime throughout digital medicine.
This comparison of cybercrime offenders within and outside the workplace reveals they display very different types of offending behaviour, involving different demographics, initiation pathways, and types of offence. The Cambridge Computer Crime Database (CCCD) is a database of open source information about cybercrime arrests and prosecutions in the United Kingdom. This study analyses data from the CCCD spanning nine years, from 1 January 2010 to 31 December 2018. Insiders are more likely to be older, and commit less-technical offences, primarily data and system breaches. They are less likely to offend with others, the offences are less likely to be international in nature, and they are less likely to receive a custodial sentence. Most alleged offenders are men, but women are more likely to offend within their occupation than outside the workplace. Of those that offend in the workplace, the largest group consists of police officers or police staff. This is likely to reflect differences in the type of organisations that pursue criminal action against insiders. We draw on a strain theory framework to argue that these findings accord with different kinds of strain and differing reactions to strain. The data for crimes outside the workplace support a 'subcultural' pattern of adaptation to strain, with offenders tending to be younger, male and linked to co-offenders. The findings relating to insiders support an opportunity model of crime, with inter-workplace variation in opportunities, working cultures and sources of strain present in different workplaces.
Cybercrime has become a growing business. The marketplaces for such businesses tend to be online forums. Much of the research on carding forums has been qualitative, but there have been quantitative analyses as well. One such type of analysis is topic modeling, a clustering technique that groups forum users according to the textual comments they leave. However, this type of research so far has been exclusively quantitative, without qualitatively examining the topics. The following study attempts to add to this research by analyzing the comment histories from 30,469 users from three carding forums. The results have revealed that users belong to one or more of 21 different topics. The topics are grouped into six broader categories, consisting of a customer base, identity fraud market, crimeware market, free content market, and two others. Descriptives are provided displaying how the topics are distributed across the three websites and directions for future research are discussed.
The Darkweb, part of the deep web, can be accessed only through specialized computer software and used for illegal activities such as cybercrime, drug trafficking, and exploitation. Technological advancements like Tor, bitcoin, and cryptocurrencies allow criminals to carry out these activities anonymously, leading to increased use of the Darkweb. At the same time, computers have become an integral part of our daily lives, shaping our behavior, and influencing how we interact with each other and the world. This work carries out the bibliometric study on the research conducted on Darkweb over the last decade. The findings illustrate that most research on Darkweb can be clustered into four areas based on keyword co-occurrence analysis: (i) network security, malware, and cyber-attacks, (ii) cybercrime, data privacy, and cryptography, (iii) machine learning, social media, and artificial intelligence, and (iv) drug trafficking, cryptomarket. National Science Foundation from the United States is the top funder. Darkweb activities interfere with the Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) laid forth by the United Nations to promote peace and sustainability for current and future generations. SDG 16 (Peace, Justice, and Strong Institutions) has the highest number of publications and citations but has an inverse relationship with Darkweb, as the latter undermines the former. This study highlights the need for further research in bitcoin, blockchain, IoT, NLP, cryptocurrencies, phishing and cybercrime, botnets and malware, digital forensics, and electronic crime countermeasures about the Darkweb. The study further elucidates the multi-dimensional nature of the Darkweb, emphasizing the intricate relationship between technology, psychology, and geopolitics. This comprehensive understanding serves as a cornerstone for evolving effective countermeasures and calls for an interdisciplinary research approach. The study also delves into the psychological motivations driving individuals towards illegal activities on the Darkweb, highlighting the urgency for targeted interventions to promote pro-social online behavior.
"The digital revolution has undoubtedly produced new patterns of crime and deviance in contemporary societies and has created new research agenda for the discipline of criminology. The discipline of cyber criminology was founded in 2007 by Indian Criminologist, Professor Karuppannan Jaishankar. Though, still in its infancy; the emerging sub-field is fraught with several challenges. Since, its inception most research efforts on cyber criminology have tended to be cybercrime-biased, thereby neglecting the other two important components of the sub-discipline: cyber deviance and cyberterrorism. This paper discusses the history and evolution of cyber criminology as well as the challenges confronting cyber criminological scholarship. It calls for the restructuring of criminology curriculum at undergraduate and postgraduate levels to include a course on cyber criminology. It also calls for the introduction of Bachelor's degree in cyber criminology programme across universities around the world."
The advance growth of cybercrime in recent years especially in high critical networks becomes an urgent issue to the security authorities. They compromised computer system, targeting especially to government sector, ecommerce and banking networks rigorously and made it difficult to detect the perpetrators. Attackers used a powerful technique, by embedding a malicious code in a normal webpage that resulted harder detection. Early detection and act on such threats in a timely manners is vital in order to reduce the losses which have caused billions of dollars every year. Previously, the detection of malicious is done through the use of blacklisting repository. The repository or database was compiled over time through crowd sourcing solution (e.g.: PishTank, Zeus Tracker Blacklist, StopBadWare.. etc.). However, such technique cannot be exhaustive and unable to detect newly generated malicious URL or zero-day exploit. Therefore, this paper aims to provide a comprehensive survey and detailed understanding of malicious code and URL features which have been extracted from the web content and structures of the websites. We studied the characteristic of malicious webpage systematically and syntactically and present the most important features of malicious threats in web pages. Each category will be presented along with different dimensions (features representation, algorithm design, etc.).
The federal government, all fifty states, and dozens of foreign countries have enacted computer crime statutes that prohibit unauthorized access to computers. No one knows what it means to access a computer, however, or when access becomes unauthorized. The few courts that have construed these terms have offered widely varying interpretations. Several recent decisions suggest that any breach of contract renders an access unauthorized, broadly criminalizing contract law on the Internet. In this Article, Professor Orin Kerr explains the origins of unauthorized access statutes, and examines why the early beliefs that such statutes articulated a clear standard have proven remarkably naive. He then shows how and why the courts have construed these statutes in an overly broad manner that threatens to criminalize a surprising range of innocuous conduct involving computers. Finally, Professor Kerr offers a normative proposal for interpreting access and authorization. Courts should reject a contract-based theory of authorization, and should limit the scope of unauthorized access statutes to circumvention of code-based restrictions on computer privileges. This proposed interpretation best mediates between securing privacy and protecting the liberty interests of Internet users. It also mirrors criminal law's traditional treatment of consent defenses, and avoids possible constitutional difficulties that may arise under the broader constructions that courts have recently favored.
Gottfredson and Hirschi's general theory of crime argues individuals with low self-control are more likely to engage in crime on and off-line. There is less research considering the role of opportunity, as low self-control should increase individuals' willingness to act on opportunities to offend. The importance of opportunity is distinct for cybercrime, as technology access may be differentially impacted by various demographic factors. This study surveyed 1,411 South Australian adolescents enrolled at secondary schools across a large metropolitan region to examine the relationships between opportunity and self-control for four forms of computer hacking. A series of binary logistic regression models illustrated that distinct opportunity factors and low self-control are associated with each form of hacking.
Criminological research has demonstrated the significant relationship between deviant peer associations, a lack of self-control, and individual delinquency. These relationships also account for involvement in cybercrime, though these results are based largely on adult samples. There is less research considering juvenile offending online, particularly examining involvement in property-based offenses such as computer hacking. This study utilized an international sample of 48,327 juvenile respondents in the Second International Self-Report of Delinquency (ISRD-2) study to examine the role of gender as a moderating factor in the relationship between deviant peer associations, self-control, opportunity, and self-reported computer hacking behavior. The findings demonstrated different correlates associated with hacking for males and females, as well as differences on the basis of urban and rural residency.
Ransomware is malicious software (malware) that blocks access to someone's computer system or files on the system and subsequently demands a ransom to be paid for unlocking the computer or files. Ransomware is considered one of the main threats in cybercrime today. Cryptoware is a specific type of ransomware, which encrypts files on computer systems. The ransom is often demanded in bitcoins. Based on desk research, a series of interviews, and the investigation of several police files, this paper investigates the modi operandi in which cybercriminals use ransomware and cryptoware to make profits and how they launder these profits. Two models, based on the payment of the ransom via vouchers and via bitcoins respectively, are identified and described. These methods allow criminals to launder profits in relative anonymity and prevent the seizure of the illegally obtained money.
"Managing effective security of personal customer data located in computer networks has become a strategic business and public policy issue for the U.S. retail sector. The article discusses the global credit card payment industry self-regulation regime established by the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council (Council) to combat cybercrime, comparing and evaluating the Council's existing standards regime to the theory and practices found in the industry self-regulation literature. A review of national cybercrime trends in both the volume and financial impacts (losses) of electronic financial record breaches on the U.S. retail sector is presented. After identifying the primary areas of retail electronic records breach vulnerability, an improved industry standards framework is developed that proposes to enhance security and minimize data privacy compromises through the adoption of recommended pure industry self-regulation (improved security standard) and market force mechanisms (mandatory cyber liability insurance coverage). The article concludes with a discussion of the implementation of the proposed industry self-regulation and market force framework; its current limitations; and what technology advancements may bring in the future to provide more effective security and protection for consumers' personal data and financial transactions. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
Increasingly severe cybercrime results in heavy impact and loss for society and public security of various countries, and even influences Homeland security. Based on previous experiences, the most effective method to resist cybercrime and reduce its impact and damage is that law enforcement agencies (LEA) identify and arrest criminals within the shortest time possible after a crime occurs. Therefore, IP location and IP Individualization play key roles. In view of this, this study proposes an IP user tracking forensics mechanism, based on the concepts of IP location and computational forensics, to develop forensics tracking on the Internet. The proposed mechanism can instantly trace the physical location of cybercriminals when cybercrimes occurs, analyze the probable identity associatively, and reconstruct the historical physical path of the cybercriminal. The proposed mechanism was implemented for verification. The results showed that the accuracy of IP location is 0 m error on the fixed network, while the mobile network could reach Cell-ID covered range (150-500 m radius in urban area). The identity of cybercriminal could be successfully reasoned out, with segmental paths (e. g. tracking breakpoints) reconstructed by algorithm, thus, obtaining the complete path of the target. The average success ratio (predictable ratio) was 90.91%, and the accuracy rate was 88.70%.
Cybercrimes are growing in Vietnam to pose a number of complicated modus operandi with its sophisticated activities. Dealing with cybercrime's threats is challenging when Vietnam has still lacked manpower policies and professional technologies. As the first specific analyses to focus on Vietnam's context, this paper discusses the efforts taken by the Government of Vietnam to deal with these concerns. Using grey literature with a number of official data and Vietnamese reports, the authors analysis leading-point provisions of Vietnam in combating high-tech crimes and assess legislative frameworks as well as the role of law enforcement authorities. It argued that under distinguished features of communist country, top-and-down organizational model of law enforcement to prevent and combat cyber-related crimes are still effective. To end, some recommendations and call for further researches in the related field in Vietnam will also encourage for scholars, law enforcement, and policymakers.
The advancement of the Internet and digital technology has enabled individuals to commit crimes affecting both virtual and real targets at will. Criminological scholarship related to cybercrime and technology-enabled offending has primarily focused on offenders and victims, calling to question how police agencies effectively respond to these incidents. Limited empirical research has largely focused on line officers, who view these cyber offenses to be less serious in comparison to traditional crimes. Research examining the perceptions of detectives and inspectors is virtually nonexistent, though they are much more likely to have an investigative responsibility to pursue offenders and engage with citizens about the offense. Thus, there is a need to understand the attitudes inspectors hold toward online crime in order to improve our knowledge of police views and inform policy makers in building effective strategies to aid their response to unique and emerging crime types. This study examined the attitudinal factors associated with online crimes and incidents using a sample of 155 inspectors from 26 local agencies across England and Wales. The implications of this study for both police detectives and law enforcement agencies are discussed in detail.
The dark web is a subsection of the deep web that conventional search engines cannot index. As an encrypted network of websites, the dark web can only be accessed using special browsers such as Tor. Tor, formerly an acronym for The Onion Router, is a free and open-source software intended to protect the personal privacy of its users and keep their internet activities unmonitored. While the dark web is known for both legitimate and illegitimate purposes, it remains notorious for facilitating illegal and deviant activities ranging from drug dealing to child pornography, human trafficking, arms dealing, and extremist recruitment. Accordingly, researching and understanding the dark web is a critical and essential step in fighting and preventing cybercrime. However, studying the dark web poses unique challenges. This special issue seeks to provide a platform for researchers and criminologists to share and discuss research designs and methods that help shed light on the actual activity going on in the dark web's shadowy realms.
As EU security is an intergovernmental policy area, it has been assumed that the only relevant policy-shapers are member states. However, more recent analyses show that supranational actors, like the Commission, have developed strategies to enhance their role in this traditionally interstate realm. This article endorses this reasoning and intends to cast some light on these strategies. Building on Kingdon's concept of the policy entrepreneur and using EU's cybersecurity policy as an empirical case, we analyse the Commission's initiatives to draft a European response to cybercrime, in order to answer one central research question: how has the Commission managed to secure a prominent role in a highly salient security issue? The findings suggest that the Commission, acting as a policy entrepreneur, purposefully explored a market-security nexus in order to influence an otherwise intergovernmental security domain. Ultimately, the Commission was a much more relevant player than expected.
In the field of technology, cybersecurity has a significant role, and the security data become one between the most critical problems faced in today's world. When there is discussion regarding the cyber-crimes which are increasing very rapidly, the government and many corporations are having many measures so as for stopping these kinds of crimes. Inspire of many different steps, cybercrime is still increasing day by day. In this study, there is brief coverage over the challenges faced by the cybersecurity from new technology advancement and innovations and in addition to this, the paper also has its main focus on the latest cybersecurity techniques, trends and other ethics involved in the sector of cybersecurity.
In the present article, the authors address the process of digitalization of the economy and the increased crime in the digital economy. They consider the reasons for the latency of cybercrime, the issues of defining criminal offences committed in the IT sphere, and their classification. The authors propose specific measures aimed at preventing crime in the digital economy. The most important of these measures is the development of national innovative systems, which is expected to ensure economic growth and increase the competitiveness of the national digital economy.
The article defines the range of socially dangerous acts committed using the information and telecommunications network Internet, which are currently prohibited by the criminal law of Russia. Based on official data of the Federal State Statistics Service, the current state of counteraction to these crimes is analyzed. In order to effectively counter these negative phenomena, measures have been formulated to prevent crimes committed using the Internet information and telecommunications network-legal, organizational, and software-technical. In addition, as part of the elimination of circumstances conducive to the commission of cybercrime, we can not neglect the measures of software and hardware confrontation to attackers.
The Internet of Things (IoT) device is becoming universal domain and its success cannot be ignored, but its threats on IoT devices increases concurrently. The Cyber-attacks are becoming the component of IoT affecting user's life. The professionals are forced to sift huge data to unveil and manage litigations. Hence, secure IoT is required for comprehending attacks. A model is presented for discovering cyber attack considering feature fusion. The routing of data towards Base Station (BS) is done with the Fractional gravitational search algorithm (FGSA). At BS, cybercrime detection is done, wherein data is splitted with enhanced Fuzzy c-means clustering (FCM) considering the MapReduce model. In mapper, the feature fusion is done with mutual information and the Deep Quantum Neural Network (DQNN), while reducer performs cybercrime detection. The Fractional Mayfly Shepherd Optimization (FrMSO)-based Deep Belief Network (DBN) is devised for describing the digital examination to notice and trace behaviors of attacks in IoT. Here, the training of DBN is done by the proposed FrMSO algorithm, which is developed by integrating the Fractional Calculus (FC), Mayfly Optimization Algorithm (MA), and the Shuffled shepherd optimization Algorithm (SSOA). The developed model helps to employ the weights of DBN with FrMSO for determining and tracing the abnormal aspects in IoT. The FrMSO-based DBN presented elevated precision of 96.4%, recall of 98.3% and F-measure of 95.4% respectively.
It is well known that criminals, who operate outside the law and the protection of the state, face difficulties in cooperating due both to the requirement of secrecy and a deficit of trust. For cybercriminals the anonymity of the Internet creates further challenges, making it even more difficult to assess trustworthiness and enforce agreements. Yet, contrary to expectations, collaboration among cybercriminals is prevalent, and a sophisticated industry has emerged. The purpose of this paper is to address this puzzle in relation to profit-driven cybercrime. It draws on a collection of interviews with former cybercriminals that provide a valuable form of data on micro-level and often secretive interactions. It examines four key mechanisms that lead to improved cooperation: reputation, appearance, performance and enforcement. It also addresses the rarely discussed, and somewhat counterintuitive, role that offline interactions may play in enhancing collective action among cybercriminals.
Following the most significant data breaches in Australia's history, targeting Optus and Medibank, in November 2022 Australia's Minster for Home Affairs and Cybersecurity Clare O'Neil announced 'a new model of policing' involving a collaboration between the Australian Federal Police and Australian Signals Directorate. This collaboration would result in a new taskforce focused on 'hacking the hackers' or disrupting criminal groups responsible for high-profile cyber-attacks against Australian entities. Since this announcement, significant discussion has ensued regarding the meaning of state-implemented 'disruption' and questions have been raised about the potential mandate and operations of the newly announced taskforce. This paper explores the concept of disruption as it applies to cyber-criminal groups. It then turns to considerations for policy and practice regarding the pursuit of disruption. The paper aims to advance existing understanding of disruption and encourage further research and policy debate into the policing of cybercrime as the Australian government commences work on the 2023-2030 Australian Cyber Security Strategy.
The best known software developers all offer cloud storage services. Microsoft offers Onedrive to its users, Apple offers iCloud Drive and Google offers Google Drive or GDrive. The battle between these software developers is ongoing and they will always strive to give the best services to their users. It is not only technology that is evolving, however, but also ways in which security can be breached and data abused. The security of information on the Internet is increasingly at risk and there are many threats to cloud storage platforms. This research used the mobile forensics approach to help in identifying and analyzing user behavior that may occur while using GDrive application for cybercrime. The novelty of comparison and analyzing methods performed in this research can help to find remnant data from all activities performed by GDrive users in Android smartphones. Hence, this proposed method can assist investigators in finding remnant data on GDrive client and can provide knowledge for legal practitioners.
Biometric authentication is gaining the interest of private, public, consumer electronics and corporate security systems. For the protection of cyberspace from hackers and other harmful people, biometric security is growing more and more popular among organizations, individuals and enterprises. The word cyber security refers to the procedures, techniques, and tools used to safeguard data, network system, computer networks and software from potential attacks online. Online financial service delivery is referred to as cyber banking. As the trend of exchanging things has changed, internet banking has grown. Despite the benefits, there have been instances of security threat-related issues with Internet banking. To identify persons, biometric security verifies their physical attributes and behavioral traits. For identification verification, it is the most reliable and effective physical security method. According to biometric authentication, people can be recognized precisely based on their innate behavioral or physical traits. Numerous security measures have been implemented throughout the entire Internet banking service to address these issues. Globally, cybercrime has deep roots and poses a significant threat to the occurrence of criminal or terrorist behavior. Without being addressed by a single authority, these risks can compromise security on the inside as well as the outside. If the cybercrime goes unnoticed, both money and personal data are lost. Internet services and information infrastructure have previously been targeted in assaults. Online fraud and hacker attacks are only two examples of the daily computer-related crimes that take place. The Internet of Things (IoT) is the most reliable foundation for facilitating high-quality, comfortable human living. IoT has had a substantial impact across a range of application domains. Smart gadgets are more vulnerable to hackers because of their rapid development and trust in wireless mechanics for data transport. As a result, the rate of cybercrime is rising daily. Artificial Intelligence (AI)-based cybersecurity emerges because of technological advancement and poses a risk to public safety, personal property rights, and privacy protection for people. The study elaborates on the key features of biometrics system in conventional and Islamic banking to counter the risk of cybersecurity and provide high safety and security to the banking industry. For this systematic literature review, the most suitable and most relevant 101 articles from the reputed online libraries are selected. This analysis absorbed four research questions and pertinent keywords from the period of 2009 to 2022 (a part of 2023 was included).
Purpose The purpose of this study was to explore human factors as the possible facilitator of cyber-dependent (hacking and malware infection) and cyber-enabled (phishing) crimes victimisation and to test the applicability of lifestyle routine activities theory (LRAT) to cybercrime victimisation. Design/methodology/approach A mixed methods research paradigm was applied to address the research questions and aims. The data set of Crime Survey of England and Wales (CSEW) 2014/2015 and 42 semi-structured interviews conducted with victims of cybercrime and non-victim control group participants were analysed via binary logistic regression and content analyses methods. Findings This research illustrated that Internet users facilitated their victimisation through their online activities. Additionally, using insecure Internet connections and public access computers emerged as risk factors for both cyber-enabled and cyber-dependent crime victimisation. Voluntary and involuntary personal information disclosure through social networking sites and online advertisement websites increased the likelihood of being a target of phishing. Deviant online activities such as free streaming or peer-to-peer sharing emerged to increase the risk of cyber-dependent crime victimisation. Research limitations/implications The binary logistic regression analysis results suggested LRAT as a more suitable theoretical framework for cyber-dependent crime victimisation. Future research may test this result with models including more macro variables. Practical implications Policymakers may consider implementing regulations regarding limiting the type of information required to login to free Wi-Fi connections. Checking trust signs and green padlocks may be effective safeguarding measures to lessen the adverse impacts of impulsive buying. Originality/value This study empirically illustrated that, besides individual-level factors, macro-level factors such as electronic devices being utilised to access the Internet and data breaches of large companies also increased the likelihood of becoming the victim of cyber-enabled and cyber-dependent crime.
"The aim of the presented study is to conceptualize and regulate the meaning of the term social cyberdeviation. The analysis carried out in the first part was based on the etymological and inductive methods, as well as contextual analysis with the definitions of cross-border cybercrime. To achieve the aim of the work and indicate the contents of the concept, it turned out to be necessary to determine whether it is possible to indicate the existence of standards among the online virtual community that are recognized by most of its members. The nominal definition of cyberdeviation as a violation of the norms prevailing in the virtual community is the starting point for the second part of the article, the purpose of which is to classify activities that violate the norms in cyberspace. The gradation of behavior indicates that the situations on the Internet are: low-intensity activities that focus primarily on social norms, not legal norms; medium intensity, where the criterion is a violation of a legal norm; high intensity acts that are legally penalized nor accepted in the entire community, which clearly violate social norms."
A vast and growing body of research has shown that crime tends to run in families. However, previous studies focused only on traditional crimes and research on familial risk factors for cyber offending is very scarce. To address this gap in the literature, the present study examines the criminal behavior of the family members of a sample of cyber offenders prosecuted in the Netherlands. The sample consists of 979 cyber offenders prosecuted for computer trespassing between 2001 and 2018, and two matched groups of 979 traditional offenders and 979 non-offenders. Judicial information and kinship data from Dutch Statistics were used to measure criminal behavior among family members. Both traditional offenders and cyber offenders were found to be more likely to have criminal fathers, mothers, and siblings than non-offenders. Additional analyses, however, showed different patterns between cyber offenders who were only prosecuted for cyber offenses and those who also committed traditional crimes. While the former group of cyber offenders were similar to non-offenders in terms of family offending, the latter group of cyber offenders were more similar to traditional offenders. Overall, these results suggest that the traditional mechanisms of intergenerational transmission of crime can only partially explain cybercrime involvement.
Purpose This paper argues that -dependent offending differs in important ways from other types of offending, which poses challenges to established life-course criminological explanations. Moreover, this study examines to what extent life circumstances in both private and professional life are differentially related to cyber-offending and traditional offending. Methods This study analyzes longitudinal registration data of all adults who have been at least once suspected of a cybercrime (N= 870) and/or a traditional crime (N= 1,144,740) in the Netherlands during the period of 2000-2012. Using fixed effects panel models, within-person effects of household composition, employment, and enrollment in education on the likelihood of cyber-offending are compared with those for traditional offending. Results Similar results are found with respect to individual's private lives. An individual is less likely to commit cybercrime as well as traditional crime in years in which that individual shares a household with a partner, whether with or without children, than in other years. For the professional life, several important differences are found. Employment and enrollment in education are not statistically significantly related to cyber-offending, whereas they reduce the likelihood of traditional offending. In fact, for these professional life circumstances, opposite effects are found in this population. Conclusions This first study to empirically compare cyber-offending and traditional offending over the life-course finds important similarities and differences. The results hint at the importance of possible cyber-criminal opportunities provided by otherwise preventive professional life circumstances.
Phishing is a form of social engineering and cybercrime which entails theft of confidential information (personal or official) for financial gain. That is one of the oldest cyber threats. There is a wide range of phishing attack techniques, and the most frequent one is performed via electronic mail. Due to major changes in conducting business in the last pandemic, which entail remote work, fast digital transformation and the increase of ICT technologies, the statistics show that phishing attacks are on the rise. Employees who lack developed awareness of phishing attacks, responsibility and knowledge represent a potential danger to the entire organisation. This paper describes the research on e-mail phishing recognition in business organisations in Primorje-Gorski kotar County. The research showed that employees are not aware of phishing attacks to a sufficient extent and that all the habits contributing to the IT security level regarding these attacks are not satisfying. To protect against such attacks, organisations should, in addition to implementing safety technical measures, actively educate employees and periodically implement testing.
In the last three decades there have been significant changes in the cybercrime world in terms of organization, type of attacks, and tools. Remote Access Trojans (RAT) are an intrinsic part of traditional cybercriminal activities but they have become a standard tool in advanced espionage and scams attacks. The overly specialized research in our community on Remote Access Trojans has resulted in a seemingly lack of general perspective and understanding on how RATs have evolved as a phenomenon. This work presents a new generalist perspective on Remote Access Trojans, an analysis of their growth in the last 30 years, and a discussion on how they have become a commodity in the last decade. We found that the amount of RATs increased drastically in the last ten years and that nowadays they have become standardized commodity products that are no very different from each other.
"Over the last few years, MENA region became an attractive target for cyber-attacks perpetrators. Hackers focus on governmental high valued sectors (i.e. oil and gas) alongside with other critical industries. MENA nations are increasingly investing in Information and Communication Technologies (ICTs) sector, social infrastructure, economic sector, schools and hospitals in the area are now completely based on the Internet. Currently, the position of ICTs became an essential phase of the domestic future and global security structure in the MENA Region, emphasizing the real need for a tremendous development in cybersecurity at a regional level. This environment raises questions about the developments in cybersecurity and offensive cyber tactics; this paper examines and investigates (1) the essential cybersecurity threats in MENA region, (2) the major challenges that faces both governments and organizations (3) the main countermeasures that governments follow to achieve the protection and business continuity in the region. It stresses the need for the importance of cybercrime legislation and higher defenses techniques towards cyberterrorism for MENA nations. It argues for the promotion of a cybersecurity awareness for the individuals as an effective mechanism for facing the current risks of cybersecurity in MENA region."
Ransomware attacks have become the fastest growing and most serious type of cybercrime. A ransomware attack does not only capture victims' data, but also prevents victims from accessing their own data until a ransom has been paid. The prevention of and recovery from a ransomware attack have become a major concern for governments and organizations. This paper presents guidelines for institutions to secure their systems from ransomware attacks and to put steps in place for recovery if their systems have been attacked. The human is often the weak link in allowing an intrusion into a network. African countries are at even greater risk because their populations are often not sufficiently trained nor aware of cybersecurity risks.
Cybercrime and other cybersecurity harms are gaining increasing political and public attention across many countries. One of the most serious and fastest growing categories of such harms relates to ransomware attacks. Many of the groups responsible for ransomware attacks have come under political pressure in recent years as they have become more aggressive in their methods and targeting. On a geopolitical level, an area attracting increasing interest is the complex relationships between ransomware groups and states, in particular, Russia. This paper introduces the concept of state crime to ransomware groups. Starting with the concept of proxies before turning to the historical examples of privateering and piracy, we focus on the notion of cyber privateers to analyze two select ransomware groups-DarkSide and REvil-that are believed to be affiliated with the Russian state. We argue that approaching these ransomware groups as cyber privateers engaged in state crime has the potential to enhance our understanding of how these groups operate. We further posit that a state crime perspective also assists in identifying how ransomware may be countered, highlighting the need for policy responses that are effective even when ransomware groups may be tacitly protected by a state.
This article examines configurations of digital concerns within the European Union (EU27), a leading hub of innovation and policy development. The core objective is to uncover the social forces shaping technology acceptance and risk awareness, which are essential for fostering a resilient digital society in the EU. The study draws upon Bourdieu's concept of capital to discuss technological capital and digital habitus and Beck's risk society theory to frame the analysis of individual and national attitudes towards digital risks. Utilizing Eurobarometer data, the research operationalizes technological capital through proxy indicators of individual socioeconomic status and internet use, while country-level development indicators are used to predict aggregated national risk perception. Article contributions rely on individual- and country-level statistical analysis. Specifically, the study reveals that digital concerns are better predicted at a national level rather than individual level, being shaped by infrastructure, policy, and narrative rather than by personal technological capital. Key findings highlight a positive and a negative correlation between digital advancement with cybersecurity fears and digital literacy, respectively. HDI and DESI are relevant country-level predictors of public concerns, while CGI values are not. Using cluster analysis, we identify and interpret four digital risk cultures within the EU, each with varying foci and levels of concern, which correspond to economic, political, and cultural influences at the national level.
The Iraqi academia and educational institutions are taking initiatives to consolidate their cyber security mechanism and build a healthy digital environment, and adapt to new methods of risk management. The current study was designed to evaluate the five independent variables: information security (IS), creative behavior (CB), cyber education (CE), cyber training (CT), Internet applications (IA) and one dependent variable, of digital awareness (DA). Out of the five independent variables, three belonged to institutional (IS, CE, & IA) and two were categorized as individual factors (CE & CT). All these five variables were examined to determine their impact on DA. The sample in this study comprised 140 academicians from three schools in East Iraq, selected through a simple random sampling method and snowballing technique. An online questionnaire of 25 items was built based on all variables and their indicators. The data was analyzed through descriptive data analysis methods, including parametric statistical tests, hypothesis testing and regression analysis, using the SPSS Ver 25. The EFA factor loadings, average variance extracted (AVE), Cronbach's alpha (alpha) as well as composite reliability (CR) were also used to assess the validity and reliability of the questionnaire items. The results of this study indicate that digital awareness has a direct positive effect on all other variables. Additionally, it is evident in this study that all activities converge into a comprehensive process to improve the digital awareness. The findings of this study imply that academic institutions in Iraq need to understand the significance of digital awareness and introduce new cybersecurity and information security programs in their curriculum and review and redesign the existing ones. Future studies may also explore the blended-learning methods to teach target groups and improve their knowledge about cybercrimes and their prevention.
Cybercrimecontinues to be agrowing challenge and malware is one of the most serious security threats on the Internet todaywhich have been in existence from the very early days. Cyber criminals continue to develop and advance their malicious attacks. Unfortunately, existing techniques for detecting malware and analysing code samples are insufficient and have significant limitations. For example, most of malware detection studies focused only on detection and neglected the variants of the code. Investigating malwarevariants allows antivirus products and governments to more easily detect these new attacks, attribution, predict such or similar attacks in the future, and further analysis. The focus of this paper is performing similarity measures between different malware binaries for the same variant utilizing data mining concepts in conjunction with hashing algorithms. In this paper, we investigate and evaluate using the Trend Locality Sensitive Hashing (TLSH) algorithm to group binaries that belong to the same variant together, utilizing the k-NN algorithm. Two Zeus variants were tested, TSPY_ZBOT and MAL_ZBOT to address the effectiveness of the proposed approach. We compare TLSH to related hashing methods (SSDEEP, SDHASH and NILSIMSA) that are currently used for this purpose. Experimental evaluation demonstrates that our method can effectively detect variants of malware and resilient to common obfuscations used by cyber criminals. Our results show that TLSH and SDHASH provide the highest accuracy results in scoring an F-measure of 0.989 and 0.999 respectively.
A careless use of technology and online addiction are prone to be victimized by cybercrimes such as online fraud. The incidents of online fraud are much higher if people spend too much time on the internet. The purpose of the research was to find out the causes and types of online frauds in Thailand and identify patterns of preventing online fraud victimization. By making use of qualitative research design, this study used indepth interview and focus group techniques for data collection. The sample size comprised 36 police officers who had the experience of handling online fraud cases from the Technology Crime Suppression Division, the Department of Special Investigation, and Metropolitan Police Bureau and 15 victims, who had filed complaints to the Technology Crime Suppression Division or local police station. The results revealed that there could be at least three causes of online fraud victimization, such as victims' inexperience, over -optimism, and acquisitiveness. In addition, types of online fraud online fraud comprise sale scam, hacking Facebook or Line accounts to borrow money, romance scams and financial or investment scams. This research recommends that government agencies involved in online fraud prevention should urgently campaign on the pattern of online fraud so that people would be aware of cybercrime damages.
This study aims to better understand transnational computer fraud in Vietnam utilizing crime script analysis. Data from criminal profiles and in-depth interviews with investigators were combined, and the results showed that Vietnam could become an operational base for both domestic and foreign criminals to implement transnational computer fraud. This type of fraud, which includes crimes with only minor technological elements and those involving almost entirely technological factors, represents the intersection of fraud, transnationality, and technology. Technology can support criminals in defrauding victims transnationally without the need for direct interaction. Moreover, the study clarified the different roles of Vietnamese and foreign offenders in the two types of transnational computer fraud: bank card data fraud and phone scams. As the first study of this nature implemented in Vietnam, this research contributes to the knowledge of computer fraud, especially in Asia, providing a foundation for future investigations related to this kind of cybercrime.
Spam is the sending of bulk, commercial, unsolicited electronic marketing messages. Today email spam makes up the majority of all email sent worldwide. The CAN SPAM Act is U.S. federal legislation that was passed in response to the growing spam problem. However, cybercrime such as email spam does not respect national borders, and spam can be sent from anywhere in the world, so it is questioned whether the CAN SPAM Act simply shifted spam beyond United States jurisdiction. The present research sought to address this question by analyzing the impact that prosecutions of spammers has had on a sample of 5,490,905 spam emails sent between 1998 and 2013. Two measures of spam nation of origin, U.S. IP address and U.S. domain name among spam emails, were created to assess the possible impact that the CAN SPAM Act might have had on the nation of origin associated with spam email messages. Results suggest a possible impact, with more ongoing CAN SPAM Act trials and media attention predicting less spam associated with the United States. CAN SPAM activity appeared to have the largest impact on US domain name registrations. Implications of the findings and suggestions for future research are discussed.
Smart cities have evolved in the last years, leading the cities to implement initiatives related to technical aspects to improve quality of life. City-rankings have become a central tool for assessing the attractiveness of urban regions. The development of smart cities, however, is not without risk. Cities and citizens are putting more and more responsibilities in urban systems. Hence, all key stakeholders should provide an effective safety and security response to any situation affecting their citizens or organizations. Special attention should be paid with respect to development of services aimed at reducing cybercrime. To prevent this, we believe that a better understanding of smart cities and their privacy implications is needed. The paper provides an overview of security aspects of a cyber security in smart cities. It starts with exploration of various definitions, threats, and risks in cyber security as well as threats from environments both internal and external and how these threats are currently mitigated with tools, processes and technologies as smart cities utilizes IoT with big data. Presently, most of the data is transmitted and collected online. Hackers usually try to exploit the vulnerabilities using various tools in order to know more about the customers and then misuse the customer's information. Enterprises, on the other hand, continue to collect more information in order to improve services, infrastructure, and security. They collect tons of data from customers in order to complete their requirements for the different services they provide. The main concern with the collected data is that it can be vulnerable to misuse by hackers. Building a security framework based on concepts and repositories of big data and leveraging on the intelligence of predictive analytics can help build a security system that can counter these threats and help to guard from these risk and threats to a large extent. Various concepts, applications, and technologies interact to cover every aspect of the digital citizen's life. Understanding this privacy-challenging environment is the basic requirement for the development of effective protection mechanisms. Thus, the paper aims to address sentiments on cyber security technologies and cybercrime awareness in order to come up with recommendations for innovative solutions. A survey has been conducted and the findings have been analyzed of a case study to come up with recommendations for building a conceptualizing security framework for smart cities. The survey is conducted in the United Arab Emirates (UAE), one of the most advanced countries in the MENA region, who is applying smart city concepts.
The rapid move to digital platforms of scientific and technical development of modern civilization has brought with it many different issues. One of them is the issue of preserving human privacy of a person who uses in communicative practices technical devices operating on the artificial intelligence technologies, which leads to an increase in the number of criminal attacks on his/her data presented on the Internet, and, as a result, infringement of his/her right to privacy. This paper analyzes the reasons for the increasing growth of criminal infringements that happen today in the World Wide Web. It also focuses on their complex and diverse nature. The convergence of external (objective) and internal (subjective) factors determines the transformations that occur to the identity of a modern Internet user. As a result, I conclude, in the conditions of the unraveling fight against cybercrime, the fundamental and legal sciences should pay attention to the concept of identity, which will help determine the specifics of transformations occurring to Internet users.
The anonymity provided in underground forums has led to the growth of illicit substance drug markets. Online markets seem to be safer for drug transactions, with reduced risks of being arrested. However, criminals seem to be conscious of the risks of keeping a dark web market user friendly. This study investigates both surface and dark web forums, focusing on online underground markets. This study aims to: a) investigate the ways risk is perceived among members and vendors of underground forums throughout stages of transactions and b) identify risk avoidance practices utilised within these online underground markets. We hypothesise that the discourse in these forums focuses on the risks of detection, both offline and in cyberspace, as well as relevant techniques for reducing such risks. Our findings indicate discourse on techniques and strategies for reducing the risk of detection and arrest. In addition, our findings highlight that decision-making with drug use is highly individualised and should be based on some research of the effects and benefits of each drug. These findings provide useful insights and can inform practices in policing, leading to the development of intervention approaches aiming to interrupt online underground markets.
Data deletion increases challenges in cybercrime investigation. To address the problem, proactive forensics for evidentiary collection is acknowledged to help investigators to acquire the potentially needed digital evidence. This study proposes a bot machine to record data from the Discord server in advance, hashing and saving it in proper storage for further forensic analysis. The recording process can be managed to collect activities and their related data (intact, modified, deleted), including text, pictures, videos, and audio. The Discord bot is designed by utilizing the main features of the Discord Social Networks Application Programming Interface (API). This paper examines how this approach is applicable by embedding the bot in a Discord server. Observation showed that the bot records the real-time data as it is always alive on the server, including the deleted or modified messages and their timestamps. All the recorded data is saved locally on the server's storage in easy-toread formats, CSV and JSON. The results showed that the bot could conduct the data acquisition for 37 concurrent users with a 2.3% error rate and 97.7% accuracy.
Cyber crimes rapidly increased over the past years, with attackers performing large-scale activities, using sophisticated and complex tactics and techniques, that have targeted governments, companies, and even strategic infrastructures. To tackle these attacks, the cyber-security community usually shares Cyber Threat Intelligence (CTI) that includes the collected Indicators of Compromise (IoC) using several open or private sharing platforms. In this paper, we study the informativeness and relevance of the IoCs related to cyber crimes following a major real-world event such as the war in Ukraine, which started in February 2022. To this end, we analyze different kinds of attacks available in a crowd-sourced dataset of Cyber Threat Intelligence (CTI) reports. Our analysis shows that while this data is able to capture major trends such as the ones following major events, the degree of miscellaneous information inside the reports makes it difficult to discern the association of a specific trace unequivocally.
Cybercrime has expanded in various areas as the number of websites and hosting services has grown significantly. The identification of hostile domain names has recently gained the interest of researchers in order to avoid cyber-attacks. In terms of network traffic and content, several attempts have been made to distinguish these names. The novel approach proposed in this paper utilizes the neural network-based algorithms to recognize the potentially hostile domain names. An LSTM network is created and prepared based on the dataset. The primary task is to first divide the URL into subdomain, domain, and domain-suffix. Then based on this, the proposed neural network is trained to classify the given data set as malicious or benign. The proposed system can perform well with a higher level of accuracy on the validation set.
"The continuous development and improvement of information and technology have prompted businesses to implement various technological techniques to complete daily tasks efficiently. This strategy has effectively reduced costs and time; however, excessive internet and online media use have resulted in various challenges for the associated businesses, such as hacking, defamation, unlawful transactions, etc. These offenses are referred to as cybercrimes. Since the turn of the century, the number of cybercrimes committed against Indonesian corporations has risen sharply, causing concern for the Indonesian government. Thus, the present study focuses on the prevalence of cybercrimes in Indonesian corporations, particularly on corporate law. Legal research was conducted for this study, and data were collected from various primary and secondary sources. Based on the findings of this study, the legal framework for cybercrimes in Indonesia consists primarily of the Electronic Information and Transactions (ITE) Law and the Indonesian Criminal Code (KUHP), which are currently restricted to defamation, online threats, and other individual cybercrimes. However, other crimes relating to corporations, such as data protection, unlawful transactions, and others, are not highlighted in this legal framework, resulting in various obstacles to implementing cyber laws in Indonesia. This has also affected consumers' purchasing performance, influencing the affiliated businesses' social image. Nonetheless, this study has also provided various practical and theoretical implications. To safeguard data, privacy, and transactions in Indonesia, it is also suggested that a cybersecurity law be drafted."
The popularity of online shopping and cryptocurrency has contributed to drive the economy of darknet markets in recent years. These are often perceived to be conducive to (or may even facilitate) cybercrime related activities. It is, therefore, worthwhile to have a deeper understanding of how various darknet markets operate, so that researchers and law enforcement agencies can test and deploy appropriate countermeasures to fight against online crime. Currently, there is a knowledge gap regarding the similarities and differences among darknet markets in different languages. This study aims to compare between darknet markets operating in English and Chinese. Data from three English and two Chinese darknet markets was collected. The gathered data is described, compared, and analysed in six main aspects: operation model and structures, product categories, market policies, payment methods, security mechanisms, and vendors' characteristics. Our datasets were collected during a seven-week period between 17 July and 30 August 2021, and they contain data from 384 vendors in the English darknet markets and 4,429 in the Chinese ones. The Chinese darknet markets generally seem to have more liberal policies than their English counterparts, as demonstrated by the variety and types of goods and services offered, many of which would have been banned in the English speaking ones. All darknet markets suffer from reputation issues. Cross-market actors are active, but they represent only a small proportion of the vendors observed in our study. In summary, our findings reveal key characteristics of darknet markets in two widely used languages. This information can provide useful insights for security researchers and law enforcement agencies in combating cybercrime.
This paper examines a predominantly Australian sample of computer crime offenders involved in fraud and/or unauthorised access. This paper focuses on the extent to which offenders are involved in organised crime, the nature of the relationship between co-offending, initiation and knowledge transmission, and how the online environment facilitates organised crime and co-offending. This qualitative analysis draws from interviews with self-identified offenders, law enforcement officers who investigate these offenses, and court documents, providing a unique understanding of organised crime involving computer systems.
The private nature of business creates opportunities for financial crimes. Convenience theory suggests that opportunity, accompanied by a willingness and motive, explains financial crimes. Newer technologies have created similar private environments, which allow for criminal behavior. For example, cryptocurrencies offer a new way of generating anonymous financial transactions. This paper explores criminal opportunity using cryptocurrency and convenience theory. Specifically, we test each convenience dimension - opportunity, willingness, and motive - using a sample of adults in the United States. We find all three dimensions explain online financial crimes. Opportunity, measured through any purchase of cryptocurrency is related to an increase in financial cybercrimes. Further, when motive is considered as greed or need, a need is more important than greed. The use of cryptocurrency increases certain opportunities for financial crimes. This may partially be attributed to the crimes themselves (e.g. pump-and-dump cryptocurrency schemes) but also to the general opportunity created through cyberspace.
Malicious Uniform Resource Locators (URLs) remain one of the most common threats to cybersecurity. They are commonly spread through phishing, malware and spam. One popular way to detect malicious URLs is through blacklists. Blacklists maintain records of previously known malicious URL reputations. These lists are however shortcoming when there is need to detect newly generated malicious URLs. For that reason, modern research has resorted to training machine learning algorithms to detect malicious URLs. In this paper, we contributed towards the detection of malicious URLs using URL based features in a multiclass classification setting. We focused on three popular URL attack types which are phishing, spam and malware. Our work can be used as a supplementary tool in new or existing anti-phishing, anti-spam and anti-malware detection platforms. We compared the performance of the following ensemble learners: Extreme Gradient Boosting (XGBoost), Adaptive Boosting (AdaBoost), Light Gradient Boosting (LightGBM) and Categorical Boosting (CatBoost). We evaluated the performance of some URL features that we referred to as our features. These included priority features like Kullback-Leibler Divergence (KL divergence), bag of words segmentation and other word-based features. Results showed that our features performed better when compared to experiments we conducted without our features. We trained these algorithms on 126 983 URLs from benchmark datasets and all four learners returned an overall accuracy above 0.95.
Technology is an important issue affecting human life. We are experiencing conveniences in various fields in our lives along with the technological developments, especially with the emergence of the computers and internet concept. The virtual world provides opportunities for people who are inclined to crime. Since people from every walk of life can be easily reached especially in the internet environment, it has become easier to be a victim of a crime. The victimization is important in general, however, its effect on children is much greater than that of adults. Therefore, the sample of child victims of cybercrime in Turkey was examined using data obtained from Turkish Statistical Institute in this study. In order to examine crime and ways for combating the crime, the hot spots where the victims live mostly and the generic profile of the victims were discovered. The results obtained from the conducted analysis is expected to contribute significantly to the preventive and forensic processes carried out by the relevant authorities.
The rise of cyber-attacks has shown how cybercrime can be a lucrative business for cyber-criminals. This poses a major threat for organizations, individuals and nations, as these attacks can have devastating effects on all parties involved. With cyber-security infrastructures and enterprises becoming more complex, cyber-attacks are evolving rapidly and becoming even more evasive. For this reason, a proactive monitoring and detection system is necessary to ensure that cyber threats are identified and mitigated before cyber-criminals can exploit these threats. There have been many efforts made to harden and protect cyber-security environments against cyber-attacks. However, it is often difficult to implement mitigation measures against cyber-attacks without knowing what needs to be protected. To effectively monitor and detect cyber threats, various tools may be utilized to cover numerous aspects of the cyber landscape. Currently, a large proportion of the available tools focus on certain objectives that may not cover the entire cyber landscape. Thus, a centralized solution that consolidates a vast number of objectives could be advantageous. In this paper, we propose a cyber-security situational awareness solution that could potentially be used by defenders to protect network infrastructures and individuals from cyber threats. The solution aims to provide users with a centralized platform for vulnerability detection and management, information sharing and awareness, network and device monitoring. The proposed solution will proactively monitor the cyber threat landscape for vulnerable network devices, phishing attacks and leaked personal information in addition to detecting compromised public and non-public network devices. Furthermore, the proposed system will provide users with real time data presented in the form of an interactive dashboard to keep users informed about cyber-related trends. Finally, this solution will be able to produce high level and in-depth reports to support and improve the process of security audits and inform business decisions.
Scholars have expressed concerns over the effectiveness of formal sanctions in deterring cybercrime, particularly regarding computer intrusions and cyber attacks. Little empirical research, however, examines deterrence in the cyber world. This study examines the effects of perceived formal and informal sanctions, computer skill, online behaviors, cyber deviance, and beliefs on college students' willingness to commit cyber attacks against domestic and foreign targets, specifically defacing websites, compromising bank servers, and searching government servers. The study found that anticipated formal sanctions did not deter students from their willingness to commit caused-based cyber attacks, but that perceived informal sanctions did. The implications for future studies examining intentions to commit cause-based computer intrusions are explored.
Information security breaches are increasingly motivated by fraudulent and criminal motives. Reducing their considerable costs has become a pressing issue. Although cybersecurity has strong public good characteristics, most information security decisions are made by individual stakeholders. Due to the interconnectedness of cyberspace, these decentralized decisions are afflicted with externalities that can result in sub-optimal security levels. Devising effective solutions to this problem is complicated by the global nature of cyberspace, the interdependence of stakeholders, as well as the diversity and heterogeneity of players. The paper develops a framework for studying the co-evolution of the markets for cybercrime and cybersecurity. It examines the incentives of stakeholders to provide for security and their implications for the ICT ecosystem. The findings show that market and non-market relations in the information infrastructure generate many security-enhancing incentives. However, pervasive externalities remain that can only be corrected by voluntary or government-led collective measures. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Over the last two decades there has been a substantive increase in the number of cybercrime and digital forensic units in local and state police agencies across the US. There is, however, little research on the occupational responses of individuals serving in specialized roles within criminal justice agencies. Individuals tasked to these units are likely to encounter psychologically harmful materials on a regular basis due to the number of child pornography and sexual exploitation cases they are assigned. As a result, this study examined the experiences of vicarious trauma and coping behaviors of digital forensic examiners in a sample culled from across the country. The findings suggest that exposure to content involving crimes against children directly and indirectly increases the likelihood of trauma and incidence of coping strategies employed.
Internet Relay Chat (IRC) is a useful and relatively simple protocol for text based chat online, used in a variety of areas online such as for discussion and technical support. IRC is also used for cybercrime, with online rooms selling stolen credit card details, botnet access and malware. The reasons for the use of IRC in cybercrime include the widespread adoption and ease of use, but also focus around the anonymity granted by the protocol, allowing users to hide behind aliases that can be changed regularly. In this research, we apply authorship analysis techniques to be able to attribute chat messages to known aliases. A preliminary experiment shows that this application is very difficult, due to the short messages and repeated information. To improve the accuracy, we apply inverse-author-frequency (iaf) weighting, which gives higher weights to features used by fewer authors. This research is the first time that iaf has been applied to character n-gram models, previously being applied to word based models of authorship. We find that this improves the accuracy significantly for the RLP method and provides a platform for successful applications of authorship analysis in the future. Overall, the method achieves accuracies of over 55% in a very difficult application domain.
The cybercrime has evolved as the years ago and the criminals use different techniques to capture the victims. Researchers have devised various techniques to detect the cybercriminal. Hence, a new technology has to be used to detect the Cybercrime. From the literature, it is analysed that many researchers have used various techniques to detect the Cybercrime. In this paper, the performance evaluation of various cybercriminal detection techniques are analysed using cluster computing techniques and Matlab is used to determine their performance. In this paper, 25 attributes are analysed to detect the cybercriminal through various techniques such as Gaussian Clustering, K Means, Fuzzy C Means and Fuzzy Clustering. Some of the attributes are taken as varying attributes and some of the attributes are taken as the nonvarying attributes. The crime clusters and genuine clusters are determined. The reasons for choosing the various attributes and the various techniques are also given. The analysis is further strengthened by changing the number of attributes used in each technique i.e., 25 attributes, 15 attributes, 10 attributes and 5 attributes. The analysis is further continued by using 3/4 of total attributes, 1/2 of total attributes and 1/4 of total attributes. The efficiency and time complexity is determined. In the paper justification of a number of attributes selected in each technique is also given. The accuracy analysis is done by comparing with Gaussian Clustering with K Means Clustering technique, Fuzzy C Means, and user profile analysis. The attributes which are significantly contributing for identifying the criminals are determined in each technique.
Underground communication is invaluable for understanding cybercrimes. However, it is often obfuscated by the extensive use of dark jargons, innocently-looking terms like popcorn that serves sinister purposes (buying/selling drug, seeking crimeware, etc.). Discovery and understanding of these jargons have so far relied on manual effort, which is error-prone and cannot catch up with the fast evolving underground ecosystem. In this paper, we present the first technique, called Cantreader, to automatically detect and understand dark jargon. Our approach employs a neural-network based embedding technique to analyze the semantics of words, detecting those whose contexts in legitimate documents are significantly different from those in underground communication. For this purpose, we enhance the existing word embedding model to support semantic comparison across good and bad corpora, which leads to the detection of dark jargons. To further understand them, our approach utilizes projection learning to identify a jargon's hypernym that sheds light on its true meaning when used in underground communication. Running Cantreader over one million traces collected from four underground forums, our approach automatically reported 3,462 dark jargons and their hypernyms, including 2,491 never known before. The study further reveals how these jargons are used (by 25% of the traces) and evolve and how they help cybercriminals communicate on legitimate forums.
The paper consists of three-part. The first consideration with the concept of cyberspace, its main component, the issues of identity and authentication in the cyberspace, vulnerability, and threats, the concept in the second - 'Is it matter? - The researchers on the notion of cyberattack and the problem of establishing its source describe the phenomenon of cybercrime, cyber espionage, cyberterrorism, as well as some forms of cyberattacks. A significant part is devoted to cyberwar fundamentals of the military strategy, the mechanisms of checks, and the assessment of threats (cyber forces). The third part - 'What we can do?' An analysis of the development problems of cybersecurity space, its legal framework, the role in this process of the national governments and international organizations, issues of publicprivate partnership, and the paper mainly focus on cyberattacks and cybercrime prevention using advance technology
Hacking is now a widely discussed and known phenomenon, but remains difficult to define and empirically identify because it has come to refer to many different, sometimes incompatible, material practices. This article proposes genealogy as a framework for understanding hacking by briefly revisiting Foucault's concept of genealogy and interpreting its perspectival stance through the feminist materialist concept of the situated observer. Using genealogy as a theoretical frame, a history of hacking will be proposed in four phases. The first phase is the 'prehistory' of hacking in which four core practices were developed. The second phase is the 'golden age of cracking' in which hacking becomes a self-conscious identity and community and is for many identified with breaking into computers, even while non-cracking practices such as free software mature. The third phase sees hacking divide into a number of new practices even while old practices continue, including the rise of serious cybercrime, hacktivism, the division of Open Source and Free Software and hacking as an ethic of business and work. The final phase sees broad consciousness of state-sponsored hacking, the re-rise of hardware hacking in maker labs and hack spaces and the diffusion of hacking into a broad 'clever' practice. In conclusion, it will be argued that hacking consists across all the practices surveyed of an interrogation of the rationality of information technocultures enacted by each hacker practice situating itself within a particular technoculture and then using that technoculture to change itself, both in changing potential actions that can be taken and changing the nature of the technoculture itself.
Place management is central to Routine Activities Theory and proactive utilization of place managers is one of 25 Situational Crime Prevention techniques. Yet little is known about the effectiveness of using place managers to prevent cybercrimes. This paper uses a vignette experimental survey of 213 cybersecurity professionals to explore their perceptions of cybercrime prevention. We find that organizations that partner with and proactively utilize cybersecurity professionals as place managers are perceived as more effective in controlling cybercrimes than those organizations that do not specifically assign professionals to proactively prevent and control cybercrimes. We conclude that assigned cyberplace managers are more likely to use their cyber skills and knowledge than those who lack the time and space to utilize their cyber expertise.
Even though the crime rate in the United States has dropped since the U.S. President's Commission on Law Enforcement and Administration of Justice under President Johnson issued its report in 1967, the total number of serious crimes in the nation has increased, and public concern about the subject remains high. The 1960s Commission did not fully consider several major subjects that have emerged after it reported, including mental illness, immigration, cybercrime and other white collar crimes, indigent defense, crime victims, and evidence-based crime policy. Many observers believe that the need to deal with these subjects in addition to those discussed by other researchers in this volume warrants an examination of crime and justice by a new commission. Congress has considered proposals for such a study for nearly a decade, but they are yet to be acted on amid ideological disputes over other criminal justice issues. If Congress fails to establish a new commission, it is still possible that one could be formed with the support of state, county, and local governments, as well as with the support of private foundations.
Credit card skimming (electronic method of illegally capturing a victim's personal information by collecting data from the magnetic stripe of a credit or debit card) is a major problem in South Africa and millions of Rand are being stolen on a yearly basis. Cybercriminals make use of handheld card skimmers and place similar devices on Automated Teller Machines (ATM) to steal credit card data. Lately, the use of compromised Point of Sales (POS) devices, that are used to illegally obtain the credit card details of unsuspecting card users in South Africa, increased rapidly. The South African law enforcement cybercrime unit experienced problems with the confiscated, compromised POS devices. These confiscated POS devices that were found in the possession of arrested cybercriminals could not be used to prosecute them for credit card fraud, as the data on the devices were encrypted. In order to decrypt the data it was necessary to obtain the original password from the cybercriminal, something they were unwilling to disclose. To address this problem it was necessary to investigate the particular POS device and accompanying encryption/decryption software to find a method to decrypt the data on the POS device without access to the cybercriminal's original password. As there were no previous guidelines or reported solutions to the problem at hand, an exploratory research design was followed. The research led to a solution where a Windows application was developed to decrypt the cybercriminal's original password. This decrypted password was used to decrypt the encrypted stolen credit card data on the confiscated POS devices. With this software application the South African law enforcement cybercrime unit was able to successfully prove that the cybercriminal was in fact in possession of stolen credit card data. This led to the prosecution and conviction of several cybercriminals for committing credit card fraud in South Africa.
Cybercriminals can use a device compromised by malware for a plethora of purposes. Malicious intentions include the theft of confidential data, using the victim's computer to perform further criminal acts, or data ciphering to ask a ransom. Recently, deep learning is widely considered for malware detection. The main problem in the real-world adoption of these methods is due to their black box working mechanism i.e., the security analyst must trust the prediction without the possibility to understand the reason why an application is detected as malicious. In this article we discuss a malicious family detector, providing a mechanism aimed to assess the prediction trustworthiness and explainability. Real-world case studies are discussed to show the effectiveness of the proposed method.
Background: Awareness of the need to address food defence is gaining pace in the food industry. Indeed implementing an effective food defence strategy is a key pre-requisite to comply with third party certification standards. There is however a knowledge gap with regard to the types of threat that fall within the scope of a food defence strategy and also how these issues can then be mitigated and where possible eliminated. Scope and approach: This research seeks to position food defence as a supply chain risk mitigation strategy and use case studies of real-world issues to frame the taxonomy of food defence threats. Key findings: In order to differentiate food defence threats (food attack) from wider food crime, the research postulates that food defence strategies needs to address intentional adulteration to gain personal attention, to gain financial reward through extortion or to gain attention for a particular cause or ideology i.e. food terrorism. More covert threats include sabotage, espionage, intellectual property theft, and cybercrime, including hacktivism. These threats can cause actual harm to individuals, members of certain populations and communities or to organisations. This can lead to large scale, economic, political or social unrest and disruption of the supply chain and thus fit within the scope of food defence activities. To inform food defence risk assessment and management processes, this taxonomy needs to be developed and accepted across the food industry so that threats can be consistently and effectively addressed and as a result consumers, industry partners, shareholders and also the organisation itself can be protected.
The spread of e-learning as an alternative to traditional or face-to-face education has faced many problems and challenges in general and ethical and legal challenges in particular. This study aims to measure students' awareness of the safe use of technology and its tools in e-learning that is consistent with ethical and legal standards. The study attempts to reveal the degree of awareness of students of the University of Jordan about electronic crimes related to e-learning and the legal procedures and penalties related to electronic crimes in e -learning. Quantitative research methods were used. A questionnaire was established and distributed to students enrolled in the following online courses: Ethics and Human Values, Communication Skills, and National Culture. Analysis of the data revealed that students had a high awareness about cybercrime due to the widespread use of the internet by students as it became an integral part of their daily lives. The degree of awareness of student about legal procedures and penalties related to electronic crimes in e-learning was medium. This indicates students' lack of awareness of the effectiveness of procedures and penalties for electronic crimes that can be applied in e -learning due to the rapid transition in the learning process at the University of Jordan from traditional learning to distance e-learning that was imposed during the Corona pandemic. Based on these findings, the study presented a set of recommendations that could be implemented to increase awareness and maximize the benefit of using e -learning.
The continued growth of Social Networking Services (SNS) has significant implications for computer and cybercrime management. In exploring the human side of security, studies have shown that any security response requires more than technical solutions. This is even more so as users are often seen as the main point of vulnerabilities for computer systems including SNS. This study seeks to probe the important values in understanding how to maximize end-user security and privacy concerns in SNS. The study applies the Value-focused Thinking methodology to uncover the SNS users' values in the form of their fundamental objectives/wishes, with an initial focus on developing economies in the Caribbean. The study found that privacy and integrity of SNS, security controls, corporate social responsibility and personal responsibility are fundamental in maximizing user security and privacy.
Protecting against interference is essential at a time when wireless communications are essential for sending large amounts of data. Our research presents a novel deep learning technique, the ResNeXt method and embedded Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU) model (RNT), rigorously developed for real-time phishing attack detection. Focused on countering the escalating threat of phishing assaults and bolstering digital forensics, our systematic approach involves SMOTE for managing data imbalance during initial data processing. The model's discriminative capability is improved, particularly in the feature extraction process, when autoencoders and ResNet (EARN) are integrated with feature engineering. The ensemble technique of feature extraction reveals crucial data patterns. At the core of our AI categorization is the RNT model, optimized using hyperparameters through the Jaya optimization method (RNT-J). Rigorously tested on real phishing attack datasets, our AI model consistently outperforms state-of-the-art algorithms by a substantial margin of 11% to 19% while maintaining exceptional computing efficiency. Furthermore, our model achieves 98% accuracy, low false positive/false negative values, and a statistical execution time with a mean of 36.99s, median of 35.99s, minimum of 34.99s, maximum of 41.99s, and a standard deviation of 1.10s. Moreover, it demonstrates superior accuracy with SMOTE (98%) and without SMOTE (83%) compared to other algorithms. This state-of-the-art AI study, which focuses on digital forensics, offers enhanced security and optimized productivity for businesses and industries, signifying a breakthrough in the continuing battle against phishing attempts. Through strengthening protection against interference in wireless communication, our AI research strives to amplify data accessibility, resilience, and trustworthiness in the face of cybersecurity threats within the organizational context.
This study proposes an integrated framework that considers letter-pair frequencies/combinations along with the lexical features of documents as a means to identifying the authorship of short texts posted anonymously on social media. Taking a quantitative morpho-lexical approach, this study tests the hypothesis that letter information, or mapping, can identify unique stylistic features. As such, stable word combinations and morphological patterns can be used successfully for authorship detection in relation to very short texts. This method offers significant potential in the fight against online hate speech, which is often posted anonymously and where authorship is difficult to identify. The data analyzed is from a corpus of 12,240 tweets derived from 87 Twitter accounts. A self-organizing map (SOM) model was used to classify input patterns in the tweets that shared common features. Tweets grouped in a particular class displayed features that suggested they were written by a particular author. The results indicate that the accuracy of classification according to the proposed system was around 76%. Up to 22% of this accuracy was lost, however, when only distinctive words were used and 26% was lost when the classification procedure was based solely on letter combinations and morphological patterns. The integration of letter-pairs and morphological patterns had the advantage of improving accuracy when determining the author of a given tweet. This indicates that the integration of different linguistic variables into an integrated system leads to better performance in classifying very short texts. It is also clear that the use of a self-organizing map (SOM) led to better clustering performance because of its capacity to integrate two different linguistic levels for each author profile.
In this article, the authors successfully created two new plugins one for Autopsy Forensic Tool, and the other for Volatility Framework. Both plugins are useful for encoding digital evidences in Forensic Lucid which is the goal of this work. The first plugin was integrated in Autopsy to generate a report for the case of a Brute Force Authentication attack by looking for evidence in server logs based on a key search. On the other hand, the second plugin named ForensicLucidDeviceTree aims to find whether a device stack has been infected by a root-kit or not expression is implied by the previous statement. The results of both plugins are shown in Forensic Lucid Format and were successfully compiled using GIPC compiler.
Economic and financial crime is closely related to the changes and the development of societies. In this paper, we question whether the types of economic and financial crimes change as the society develops or not. For our purpose, we use the sample of 27 European Union member countries, for the 2005-2020 time period, which forms an unbalanced panel dataset. The main econometric method is represented by the Pooled OLS method for panel data. Our findings highlight that higher economic and sustainable development determines a reduction in the levels of corruption, shadow economy, and cybercrime. Additionally, we find that increased economic and sustainable development is related to higher levels of money laundering. These findings help governments to understand the way in which various types of economic and financial crimes unfold within different contexts of economic development, in order to implement specific policies for reducing the general level of crimes.
As the Internet and electronic mail continue to be utilized by an ever increasing number of users, so does fraudulent and criminal activity via the Internet and email increase. The negative effects of cybercrime activities on the use of the Internet for e-business and secure communications increased interest in studying the factors that motivate these criminals, their tactics and what can be done to mitigate their activities. The research in the area of email analysis usually focuses on two areas, email traffic analysis and email content analysis, but very poor in the area of visual analytics of emails. The paper presents the software for visualizing suspicious email messages based on the information provided in the email header (rather than the content of the email). This IP mapping tool, called MIPA, uses a Google Map to display the geographic position and integrates InfoDB, WhoIS databases, and the Google Maps API. Thus, the proposed work can be helpful for identifying and investigating suspicious email messages and also assist the investigators to get the information in time to take effective actions to reduce the criminal activities.
Cyber-attacks can significantly hurt an organization's IT environment, leading to serious operational disruptions, from simply damaging the first layers of IT security up to identity theft, data leakage and breaking down networks. Moreover, the dangers through which current cybercrimes practices affect organizations present a tendency of developing more rapidly that decision makers can assess them and find countermeasures. Because cyber threats are somewhat new thus a critical source of risks, within the context of the constantly changing IT environments (e.g. cloud services integration) organizations may not effectively implement and manage cyber threat risk assessment processes. This paper highlights the importance of designing effective security strategies and proactively addressing cybercrime issues as key elements within the organizational risk management approaches. Malware rises constantly in impact and complexity and has surpassed the traditional security model. One of the main ideas of the study is to present the main areas of risks related to cyber security to which an organization is subject to and provide a baseline of an analysis model that would adequately evaluate input data, rank priorities and represent the results and solutions to decrease these risks. The importance of this study is to increase awareness efforts and to highlight the critical importance of using the full extent of resources provided. Each member of an organization has a significant role in decreasing the exposure to the vulnerabilities created by cyber-attacks.
"This paper uses script analysis to model a low-skill-level SQL injection, a common form of website hacking Its contribution is to identify crime facilitators and potential stakeholders who can participate in the prevention of these types of crime up to the point of the criminal investigation. The data consists of a real judiciary crime case. The implications of this research are: 1) The police should consider ways of increasing the likelihood of and shortening the time taken for organisations to report cybercrime; 2) It may be possible and beneficial to detect low skill level domestic offenders among the mass of website hacks, and to concentrate on cutting their criminal career short via cooperation between authorities, business and the non-governmental sector. Moreover, increasing the awareness of young people re ding cybercrimes could potentially prevent an interest in a vulnerability search that would turn into a criminal act from forming in the first place."
The utilization of technology is vulnerable to misapplication of digital personal data either from public figures and citizens, one of them is in the form of deep fake technology. The manipulation of video technology in the form of deep fake globally has disrupted large scale disruptions in online networks in some countries such as the United States. The methods already spread to developing countries, which is Indonesia. The misapplication or manipulation of deep fake is not only intended for entertainment or to defame someone's reputation but on a large scale it is also used to form public opinion, divert issues and spread hoax news and cybercrime to incite cyberterrorism. Its existence in cyberterrorism is increasingly growing. This legal research discusses the manipulation of personal data into deep fake technology and its impact on cyberterrorism, political and legal resilience in Indonesia. The comparisons will also be applied to the United States. This research focuses more on preventive methods in dealing with deep fakes in Indonesia in cyberterrorism, namely aspects of counterterrorism, socialization and government literacy, development of preventive technology and strengthening of counter terrorism regulations that must be adjusted to several deep fake characteristics.
Credit and debit card data theft is one of the earliest forms of cybercrime. Still, it is one of the most common nowadays. Attackers often aim at stealing such customer data by targeting the Point of Sale (for short, PoS) system, i. e. the point at which a retailer first acquires customer data. Modern PoS systems are powerful computers equipped with a card reader and running specialized software. Increasingly often, user devices are leveraged as input to the PoS. In these scenarios, malware that can steal card data as soon as they are read by the device has flourished. As such, in cases where customer and vendor are persistently or intermittently disconnected from the network, no secure on-line payment is possible. This paper describes FRoDO, a secure off-line micro-payment solution that is resilient to PoS data breaches. Our solution improves over up to date approaches in terms of flexibility and security. To the best of our knowledge, FRoDO is the first solution that can provide secure fully off-line payments while being resilient to all currently known PoS breaches. In particular, we detail FRoDO architecture, components, and protocols. Further, a thorough analysis of FRoDO functional and security properties is provided, showing its effectiveness and viability.
A pronounced drop in crime, since the early 1990s, has encompassed every crime category tracked by the FBI's Uniform Crime Reports, including property crime. However, over the same period, the rates of online property crime (OPC) have been on the rise according to available evidence. We delineate the extent of our knowledge and data concerning cybercrime and identity theft and, using data from several nationally representative victimization surveys, offer an alternative view of property crime trends while pointing out the glaring gap in crime reporting and accounting in relation to the growing category of property crimes perpetrated online. In addition, we compare estimated costs of traditional property crime vs. OPC. Finally, we identify the main challenges for obtaining reliable data on OPC and discuss their implications, especially when applying the traditional methods of compiling crime statistics.
PurposeMalicious hackers are increasingly evolving with technology by developing advanced tools to infiltrate. They are looking at micro laundering via sites like PayPal or using job advertising sites, to avoid exposure. Micro laundering makes it possible to launder a large amount of money in small amounts through thousands of electronic transactions. Therefore, the purpose of this paper is to examine whether the ethical hacking pedagogy is both a feasible and effective approach to prepare information security professionals of the future to combat black hat hacking and other forms of unethical conduct in the cyberspace. Design/methodology/approachThe paper will specifically explore the ethics and implications of teaching students how to hack. It examines the strengths and limitations of the ethical hacking pedagogy. The discussion will then form the basis for exploring whether ethical hacking pedagogy is logical and justifiable. FindingsThe research has examined whether the ethical hacking pedagogy is an initiative-taking and effective approach to preparing information security professionals. Teaching students to hack is the only feasible approach to preparing future cybersecurity professionals because such training will allow them to master technical skills necessary for penetration testing. Originality/valueA dominant theme that emerged from the research is the inability to evaluate students' intention and provide oversight after their graduation. Thus, professional networks and peer groups will play an instrumental role in sustaining students in an environment that fosters ethical conduct.
A B S T R A C T This article examines the emerging legal framework of encryption. It reviews the different categories of law that make up this legal framework, namely: export control laws, substantive cybercrime laws, criminal procedure laws, human rights laws, and cybersecurity laws. These laws are analysed according to which of the three regulatory subjects or targets they specifically address: the technology of encryption, the parties to encryption, or encrypted data and communications. For each category of law, illustrative examples of international and national laws are discussed. This article argues that understanding the legal framework of encryption is essential to determining how this technology is currently regulated and how these regulations can be improved. It concludes that the legal framework is the key to discerning the present state and future direction of encryption laws and policies. (c) 2021 Michael Anthony C. Dizon and Peter John Upson. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The emergence of a post-industrial information economy shaped by and around networked communication technology has presented new opportunities for identity theft. In particular, the accidental leakage or deliberate harvesting of information, via either hacking or social engineering, is an omnipresent threat to a large number of commercial organisations and state agencies who manage digital databases and sociotechnical forms of data. Throughout the twenty-first century the global media have reported on a series of data breaches, fuelling anxiety among the public concerning the safety and security of their personal and financial data. With concern outpacing reliable information, a reassurance gap has emerged between the public's expectations and the state's ability to provide safety and security online. This disparity presents a significant opportunity for a commercial computer crime control industry that has sought to position itself as being able to offer consumer citizens the antidotes for such ills. This paper considers how neoliberal discourses of cybercrime control are packaged, branded and sold, through an examination of the social construction of the Heartbleed bug. It demonstrates how security company Codenomicon masterfully communicated the vulnerability, the product of a simple coding error, through its name, a logo and an accompanying website, in turn shaping news coverage across the mainstream media and beyond.
The article focuses on the problem of promoting economic security in the emerging digital economy. The main emphasis is placed on solving the problems of preventing threats and cybersecurity risks in the era of rapidly developing digital technologies. The basic approaches are related to the construction of an infrastructure to combat cybercrime: formation, technological improvement of IT software and hardware, regulation, the use of finance and insurance, support for the media and the development of a safety culture. The results of this study can be applied to the design of information security systems at all levels.
"Online fraud is the most prevalent acquisitive crime in Europe. This study applies routine activities theory to a subset of online fraud, online identity theft, by exploring country-level mechanisms, in addition to individual determinants via a multi-level analysis of Eurobarometer survey data. This paper adds to the theory of cybercrime and policy debates by: (1) showing that country physical guardianship (e.g. cyber security strategy) moderates the effects of individual physical guardianship; (2) introducing a typology of online capable guardianship: passive physical, active personal and avoidance personal guardianship; (3) showing that online identity theft is associated with personal and physical guardianship; and (4) identifying public Internet access and online auction selling as highly risky routine activities. The paper concludes by emphasizing the importance of studying country-level effects on online identity theft victimization."
The authors analyze how ransomware as a service has changed cybercriminals' business models. Some mechanisms to defend against ransomware-related threats are also discussed.
The omnipresence of smart devices in many aspects of modern everyday life has helped to achieve an enormous level of automation, has ensured sustainable development, and improved quality of life. Over the last decade, such small and portable devices became cheap and easy to deploy in any kind of application. With the full range of versatile connectivity, such technological development also brings multiple challenges related to the security of infrastructure and data. Many individuals, companies, and states worldwide experience the previously unseen scale and scope of the attacks using novel approaches. All these smart applications have also increased the overall attack surface leading to multiple attack vectors available through vulnerabilities. Lack of standards, insufficient security awareness, and new technological landscape does not help either. Considering this, one needs to enhance forensics investigation methodologies, employ novel tools, combine threat intelligence, and integrate forensic readiness. Such measures will help to reduce the total cyber risk through a high level of preparedness for anticipated data-driven crimes in smart applications. We believe that this paper will help in bringing novel focus to existing digital forensics methodologies with a focus on smart applications.
Cloud computing is a relatively new model in the computing world after several computing paradigms like personal, ubiquitous, grid, mobile, and utility computing. Cloud computing is synonymous with virtualization which is about creating virtual versions of the hardware platform, the Operating System or the storage devices. Virtualization poses challenges to implementation of security as well as cybercrime investigation in the cloud. Although several researchers have contributed in identifying digital forensic challenges and methods of performing digital forensic analysis in the cloud computing environment, we feel that the requirement of finding the most appropriate methods to evaluate the uncertainty in the digital evidence is a must. This paper emphasizes on the methods of finding and analyzing digital evidence in cloud computing environment with respect to the cloud user as well as the provider. We propose a heuristic model for performing digital forensics in the cloud environment.
This paper deals with the difficult yet increasingly important MIS phenomenon of online child sexual exploitation (online CSE). Through the use of secondary and publicly available data from the Federal Bureau of Investigation, as well as primary data from a cybercrime police unit in the United Kingdom, this study takes a grounded theory approach and organizes the role that technologies and social actors play in shaping online CSE. The paper contributes to IS theory by providing a consolidated model for online CSE, which we call the technology and imagery dimensions model. This model combines the staging of the phenomenon and the key dimensions that depict how the use of technology and imagery both fuels and defuses the phenomenon. In informing the construction of the model, the paper extracts, organizes, and generalizes the affordances of technology and discusses the role of information systems in detecting online CSE.
The Dark Web is the hidden group of Internet sites that can only be accessed through specific software. The Dark Web enables private computer networks to communicate anonymously without revealing identifying information. Keeping Internet activity anonymous and private can be beneficial for both legal and illegal applications. Although it is used to evade government censorship, it is also deployed for highly illegal activity. The aim of this paper is to provide a critical analysis of the technical, legal, and ethical challenges to policing the DarkWeb. Themost significant recommendation identified in this paper is the need for stronger national cyber security strategies, increased awareness and use of the UN Cybercrime Repository, and greater support from intergovernmental organisations. This would help to contribute towards addressing many of the technical, legal and ethical challenges concerning the multi-jurisdictional nature of Dark Web investigations and lack of reliable data and resources while ensuring transparency and accountability. The recommendations proposed in this paper are restricted by certain limitations, therefore, further research is recommended into the field of digital policing and the Dark Web.
Cybercrime is a growing threat for firms and customers that emerged with the digitization of business. However, research shows that even though people claim that they are concerned about their privacy online, they do not act correspondingly. This study investigates how prevalent security issues are during a cyber attack among Twitter users. The case under examination is the security breach at the US ticket sales company, Ticketfly, that compromised the information of 26 million users. Tweets related to cybersecurity are detected through the application of automated text classification based on supervised machine learning with support vector machines. Subsequently, the users that wrote security-related tweets are grouped into communities through a social network analysis. The results of this multi-method study show that users concerned about security issues are mostly part of expert communities with already superior knowledge about cybersecurity.
Although phishing is a form of cybercrime that internet users get confronted with rather frequently, many people still get deceived by these practices. Since receiving phishing e-mails is an important prerequisite of victimization, this study focusses on becoming a phishing target. More precisely, we use an integrative lifestyle exposure model to study the effects of risky online routine activities that make a target more likely to come across a motivated offender. Insights of the lifestyle exposure model are combined with propensity theories in order to determine which role impulsivity plays in phishing targeting. To achieve these objectives, data collected in 2016 from a representative sample (n = 723) were used. Support was found for a relationship between both online purchasing behavior and digital copying behavior, and phishing targeting. Moreover, a relationship was found between all online activities (except for online purchasing behavior) and impulsivity. The present study thus suggests that especially online shoppers and users who often share and use copied files online should be trained to deal with phishing attacks appropriately.
