Over the last twenty years, researchers have noted the range of violent and financial crimes performed by racial and ethnically-motivated actors. There is also substantial evidence demonstrating the ways that these actors utilize the Internet and various online communications platforms as a resource to recruit others and coordinate criminal activities. As virtually all aspects of modern interpersonal communication, commerce, and government depend on the Internet, these resources are a likely target for ideologically-motivated attacks. There is, however, little research considering the extent to which these resources have been targeted by racial and ethnically-motivated actors. This study attempted to address this gap in the literature through an analysis of the Extremist CyberCrime Database (ECCD), a unique open-source repository of cyberattacks performed against U.S. targets from 1998 to 2020. The findings demonstrate that cyberattacks performed by these actors are performed with less frequency than offline crimes. The implications of this analysis for our understanding of extremism are explored in depth.
A key issue facing cybercrime investigations is connecting online identities to real-world identities. This paper shows that by combining the Fringe-P3 method with a concealed information test, we can detect a participant's familiarity with their own email address, thus connecting their real-world identity to their online one. Participants were shown Rapid Serial Visual Presentation (RSVP) streams of email addresses, some including their own email address (probe) or a target email address. Familiarity with the probe was accurately detected with significant results at the group level and for 7 of 11 participants at the individual level. These promising results demonstrate that the method can be successfully used to detect online identities. Factors that may affect how well an email address probe stands out in the RSVP streams are also discussed.
"Legal discussions about combatting global cyber threats often focus on international cybercrime arrangements or the application of the law of war to cyberspace. While these discussions are vital, policy-makers and scholars have not devoted adequate attention to creating a global legal framework to bolster the defenses of public and private infrastructure. Due to the interconnected nature of cyberspace and the cross-border impacts of attacks, inadequate security in one country could harm another. To build cyber strategies that rely in part on defense and deterrence by denial, governments should also focus both on the security of their systems and those of the private sector. Industry has been the target of some of the most destructive cyberattacks worldwide. Guiding international principles for a cyber security legal framework would help nations to build effective laws that reduce the likelihood of successful attacks, and increase resilience after attacks occur. Moreover, international collaboration on cybersecurity laws provides multinational companies with a more coherent legal framework. A patchwork of hundreds of different international security requirements is not only burdensome for companies, but it increases the potential for vulnerabilities, particularly if the company operates in countries with less stringent cybersecurity requirements. This paper sets out the need for nations to discuss common legal principles for promoting and regulating cybersecurity, similar to the privacy principles articulated in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development's Fair Information Practices in 1980. As a starting point for discussion, this paper suggests four goals of common international principles for cybersecurity law: (1) modernization of cybersecurity laws; (2) uniformity of legal requirements; (3) coordination of cooperative incentives and coercive regulations; and (4) supply chain security. Although cybersecurity laws will always vary, international coordination could improve their efficacy by providing some degree of consistency. A dialogue also could help policy-makers learn from other nations' cybersecurity successes and failures."
Cybercrime and threats of cyber security is much closer to connected home ecosystems futures that ever been expected. Most of the research effort is focused on the defense mechanisms of cooperate and national infrastructures, not realizing that one of the weakest link in this systems comes from the devices used within connected smart homes of now and the future. The paper forms part of the research to analyze implications and challenges of cybersecurity to smart devices in smart connected homes. We present some related background and motivation seen on the development and demand for seamless interconnectivity of smart devices to provide various functionality and abilities to users. The paper highlights the fact that while these devices provide more features and functionality, they also introduce new risks. Subsequently, current cybersecurity issues related to smart devices within connected homes discussed and analyzed. (C) 2015 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.
"The South African government has invested substantially in IT to improve service delivery and benefit from the low cost of communication via e. g., the internet. However, cybercrime, lack of accountability and failure to evaluate e-developments remain a major concern to the society. The level of awareness of these risks in this sector appears to be low despite effort to address these challenges in government and private sector initiatives and conferences. The draft paper on information security (Dept of Public service and administration n.d. p2) and the CSIRT initiative clearly point to the fact that success in government electronic initiatives depends on effective information security management. The present study examined some of the factors inhibiting the recognition and reporting of losses from cyber-attacks on government departments in South Africa. A survey was conducted in the Western Cape Province. Forty responses were received and analysed using mixed methods. The results indicate that lack of clear guidance on how to calculate losses; lack of understanding of the legislation and knowledge of how it may assist in cubing cyber-crime; lack of training and creation of awareness of cyber-crime and lack of knowledge and capability to assess risks regularly are major factors inhibiting departments from recognising and reporting losses from cyber attacks."
Email spam is one of the primary means to facilitate the perpetration of internet fraud and the distribution of malware. The present research sought to examine the impact of routine activity theory at the national level on three forms of cybercrime perpetrated through email spam. A sample of 871,146 spam email messages sent in 2012 were divided into three categories: fraudulent emails, emails spreading malware, and non-serious spam emails. The measures were then aggregated by country and five measures of routine activity theory at the national level were tested for their impact on cybercrime among 120 nations. Concurrent with prior research, the results indicated that internet users per capita positively predicted all three forms of cybercrime. Unlike previous research, GDP presented a different relationship amongst all three outcomes: positive for spam, negative for fraud, and nonsignificant for malware. Implications of these findings and suggestions for future research are discussed.
Purpose The transformation of the United Arab Emirates (UAE) into an important global economic player has been accompanied by digitalization that has also left it at a risk to cybercrime. Concurrent with the rise in technology use, the UAE fast became one of the most targeted countries in the world. The purpose of this paper is to discuss how the UAE has tried to cope with accelerating levels of cyber threat using legislative and regulatory efforts as well as public- and private-sector initiatives meant to raise cybersecurity awareness. Design/methodology/approach The paper surveys the UAE's cybersecurity legislative, regulatory and educational initiatives from 2003 to 2019. Findings Because the human factor still remains the number one reason for security breaches, robust cyber laws alone are not enough to protect against cyber threats. Building public awareness and educating internet users about cyber risks and safety have become essential components of the UAE's efforts in building a more secure cyber environment for the country. Research limitations/implications The paper relies on English-language translations of primary sources (laws) originally in Arabic, as well as English-language studies from local media. This should not be considered a problem, as English is established as the language of business and commerce in the UAE. Practical implications The paper provides a detailed overview of the country's cybersecurity environment to guide and aide practitioners with risk assessment and legal and regulatory compliance. Originality/value The paper presents a comprehensive overview of the UAE's cybersecurity legislative, regulatory and educational environment. It also surveys government and private sector initiatives directed in protecting the country's cyberspace.
Ransomware attacks have increased in recent years and the impact on victims and society can be considerable. In order to develop effective measures against ransomware, it is important to understand how attacks are committed. However, most research on ransomware focuses on technical aspects or specific stages in the process. Less scientific research has been conducted on the entire process or the human involvement in attacks. Moreover, while crime scripts exist for other forms of cybercrime, a crime script for ransomware attacks is missing in the literature. The current study seeks to address this gap through a crime script analysis of ransomware attacks, using 44 court documents from Dutch and English-speaking countries and 10 expert interviews. The crime script analysis helps in understanding the actions taken in each stage of a ransomware attack and the behavior of and interaction between victims and offenders. It shows how the ransomware ecosystem has professionalized, with groups investing time, effort and money in the malware and infrastructure, outsourcing parts of the process and sometimes providing victims with customer service. Furthermore, it gives insight into facilitators, including the security risks that enable attackers in gaining access and cryptocurrency mixers or exchange services that facilitate money laundering. The findings have helped identify potential situational crime prevention measures, which are described in the discussion.
In the modern knowledge-information age, various information and communication technologies provide us with many benefits and at the same time, bring various side effects such as cybercrime. The number of cybercrimes is increasing gradually, and in particular, the number of digital sex crimes has been increasing recently. In addition, digital sex crimes are becoming increasingly violent, so national measures are needed. In this study, statistical data at the national level were used to investigate the overall characteristics of digital sex crimes in Korea. First, statistical analysis shows that the victims are mainly women in their teens and 20s. Typical types of digital sex crimes are distribution of illegal contents and illegal filming, the perpetrators are mainly unknown, and digital sex crimes were less often recognized by others and more often by the victims themselves. Based on these results, countermeasures against various digital sex crimes are suggested.
Almost all services and most of the traditional services are totally dependent on the digital environment. Few users are aware of the revolutionary nature of modern technology. We use day-to-day real-time access to existing digital services in our home country or we use social media (Some) to communicate with friends locally or elsewhere in the world. We can communicate with them in real time with text messages or even through real-time video feed. People have the choice of millions of movies to watch anytime, anywhere. Modern communications connect data centers and data networks of different continents together, enabling real-time communications throughout the world. We can order different goods from all over the world, pay invoices electronically and get the goods delivered to our door. Companies use the same channels of communication for daily communications, trading, sending invitations to tender and transferring money through banks in real time. As a result of the developments described above, people and systems produce huge amounts of data which needs to be processed and stored. However, technical solutions for all new service environments are not yet in line with international standards and their connections to telecommunications and service networks are very diverse. Technically outdated solutions and new technologies are used simultaneously. Future information and communication systems need to be designed and adapted to work in this challenging business environment where security threats and cybercrime are constantly present. Each function has its own service and communication needs depending on the user group. These groups include design and maintenance staff, financial management staff, telecom operators, service provider staff, virtual service providers and operators, administrative agents, citizens, manufacturers, banks, etc. To date no other technology apart from submarine cables systems has had such a strategic impact to our society while at the same time remaining so badly understood by the general population. This means that it is also a very tempting target for hackers and state actors. They seek access to the sea cables and networks connecting continents to each other.
Cyber-victimization has extensive economic and personal consequences for Internet users as well as negative conseqtiences for economies and the cyber infrastructure. This paper investigates the determinants of cyber-safety behaviors, particularly the factors associated with using anti-virus software in the general Internet user population, through a conceptual model about the determinants of non-digital preventive actions. We tested the Health Behavior Model, which considers perceptions about threats and expectations about behavior as the main determinants of health-related preventive behaviors, using a survey of Israeli Internet users 18 years old and older (N = 1850). Findings show that gender, age, education, seniority online and frequency of Internet use are basic determinants of anti-virus preventive behaviors. Nevertheless, similar to preventive health behaviors, beliefs about digital threats and actions to thwart them appear to account for more variance in anti-virus preventive behaviors than socio-demographic characteristics and Internet use. Our findings provide an innovative conceptual model and imply that the fight against cybercrime can take cues from health behavior studies demonstrating the role of perceptions and beliefs in reducing online threats. Furthermore, health behavior models are useful frameworks to conceptualize behavioral reactions to threats and to study cyber-safety. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The illicit drugs website, Silk Road, presents an ideal case study for how online communication technologies are transforming crime. This article seeks to locate the offences committed via Silk Road within existing cybercrime literature, and presents a new criminological concept - the cryptomarket - to outline the contours of this new generation of online illicit marketplace. Cryptomarkets are defined as a type of website that employs advanced encryption to protect the anonymity of users. The article also analyses the implications Silk Road has for drug consumers and law enforcement, as well as the potential changes to drug distribution networks that are likely to occur if Silk Road and other cryptomarkets continue to assume a greater share of the global trade in illicit drugs. In conclusion, it is argued that while Silk Road presents a less violent alternative to conventional drug distribution networks, the risks posed by the rapid proliferation of cryptomarkets more generally are largely unknown and require further research.
Fake engagement services allow users of online social media and other web platforms to illegitimately increase their online reach and boost their perceived popularity. Driven by socio-economic and even political motivations, the demand for fake engagement services has increased in the last years, which has incentivized the rise of a vast underground market and support infrastructure. Prior research in this area has been limited to the study of the infrastructure used to provide these services (e.g., botnets) and to the development of algorithms to detect and remove fake activity in online targeted platforms. Yet, the platforms in which these services are sold (known as panels ) and the underground markets offering these services have not received much research attention. To fill this knowledge gap, this paper studies Social Media Management (SMM) panels, i.e., reselling platforms-often found in underground forums-in which a large variety of fake engagement services are offered. By daily crawling 86 representative SMM panels for 4 months, we harvest a dataset with 2.8 M forum entries grouped into 61k different services. This dataset allows us to build a detailed catalog of the services for sale, the platforms they target, and to derive new insights on fake social engagement services and its market. We then perform an economic analysis of fake engagement services and their trading activities by automatically analyzing 7k threads in underground forums. Our analysis reveals a broad range of offered services and levels of customization, where buyers can acquire fake engagement services by selecting features such as the quality of the service, the speed of delivery, the country of origin, and even personal attributes of the fake account (e.g., gender). The price analysis also yields interesting empirical results, showing significant disparities between prices of the same product across different markets. These observations suggest that the market is still undeveloped and sellers do not know the real market value of the services that they offer, leading them to underprice or overprice their services.
Nowadays, cloud computing has gained popularity because it provides a platform for pay-as-you-go services, including hardware, software, and operating environment. However, technological resources cannot only be shared, but allocated on-demand to various users. With the emerged rate of inevitable vulnerabilities and network crime activities all over the globe, cybercriminals targets cloud environments. So, the demand for digital investigation is increased drastically. These extreme challenges pose serious issues for the cloud investigation. It has an impact on the researcher community of digital forensics as well. The cloud service providers and customers have yet to establish adequate forensics capacity and support digital forensics investigations on cybercrime activities in the cloud. In this paper, we present a digital forensics-enabled cloud investigation framework. In addition, we survey previous related works based on existing cloud forensics practices, fog forensics, edge forensics, and law and highlight the significant role of cloud computing in digital forensics. Finally, we discuss the technical challenges and limitations along with the future directions.
This paper provides a unique insight into the impact of computer misuse crime, such as hacking, denial of service attacks, ransomware and computer viruses/malware on individual and small and medium sized enterprises/organisation (SME/O) victims in the UK. Based upon in depth interviews with 52 (38 individual and 14 SME/O) victims it shows that these victims experience many of the impacts associated with other volume crimes. Building upon research on comparable offences the paper proposes eight categories of impact, which include:little or no impact, financial, disruption, psychological (which was broken down further), feelings of violation, loss of digital possessions, health and secondary impacts. The research highlights that although for some the impact is very minor, many experience much more extensive impacts, even when there is no financial loss and for some the impact was so severe it was compared to rape.
The relevance of the article is determined by the need to study money laundering in the digital economy since the gradual transition of the state economy to a digital format, including the emergence of electronic money, the spread of electronic banking and the use of other information technologies, leads to the emergence of new methods and schemes for money laundering, which requires the simultaneous identification of contemporary risks of counteracting this type of crime and the search for ways of improving such activity. The purpose of the article is to study the current status and to search for ways to improve the fight against money laundering in the digital economy. Abstract logical, comparative legal methods and critical analysis were used to achieve this goal. It has been found that advances brought by the digital economy were profitable tools for money laundering. The negative consequences of money laundering have been discussed, which updates the task of finding optimal areas for counteraction. It is concluded that such areas are as follows: improving the IT infrastructure of banks, establishing relationships between banks and law enforcement agencies, preventing cybercrime, improving the financial monitoring system, ensuring the interaction of financial monitoring entities and law enforcement agencies. The conclusions and provisions set forth in the article are aimed at improving state policy in the field of combating money laundering, taking into account the challenges of the digital economy.
Due to the spread of new methods of committing fraudulent actions using electronic devices, the problem arose to provide you with adequate characteristics of criminal law for the development of measures leading to counteracting such crimes. The objective of the article was to identify common methods in Ukraine of committing fraud using computers, to assess the characteristics of criminal law that these crimes have, and, in turn, to determine measures to counter them. Methodologically, this is a documentary investigation. The scientific novelty of the study's findings was to identify methods of performing fraudulent actions using electronic computers that will improve the legal qualification of crimes and affect the prosecution of persons guilty of committing such illegal actions. Measures to prevent such criminal offences were also developed. The results of the study help improve the work of law enforcement agencies in Ukraine, in determining recurrent methods of committing fraudulent actions using electronic means and their proper qualification, providing an opportunity to prosecute those who commit such illegal actions and develop ways for cybercrime research and prevention in general.
The ubiquity of instant messaging (IM) apps on smart phones have provided criminals to communicate with channels which are difficult to decode. Investigators and analysts are increasingly experiencing large data sets when conducting cybercrime investigations. Call record analysis is one of the critical criminal investigation strategies for law enforcement agencies (LEAs). The aim of this paper is to investigate cybercriminals through network forensics and sniffing techniques. The main difficulty of retrieving valuable information from specific IM apps is how to recognize the criminal' IP address records on the Internet. This paper proposes a packet filter framework to WhatsApp communication patterns from huge collections of network packets in order to locate criminal's identity more effectively. A rule extraction method in sniffing packets is proposed to retrieve relevant attributes from high dimensional analysis regarding to geolocation and pivot table. The results can support LEAs in discovering criminal communication payloads, as well as facilitating the effectiveness of modern call record analysis. It will be helpful for LEAs to prosecute cybercriminals and bring them to justice.
The cybersecurity of organizations is a subject of perennial concern as they are subject to mounting threats in an increasingly digitalized world. While commercial and charitable organizations have been the objects of cybersecurity research, social enterprises (SEs) have remained unexplored. As SEs have become increasingly important features of social and economic development, so their prominence as potential targets of cybercrime also increases. In order to address this knowledge gap, this article examines the factors that influence the cyber-preparedness of SEs in the U.K. Through the use of semistructured interviews with SE owner-managers, these factors are found to comprise the characteristics of the enterprise, the characteristics of the enterprise management, resource constraints, experience of cyberattacks, usage of IT, and awareness of cybersecurity schemes and resources. These insights provide valuable guidance for SE owner-managers, SE support agencies, and policy-makers when considering the cybersecurity of SEs. These findings are of immediate concern to SEs but also to other organizations that are engaged in partnerships with them as SEs may afford gateway opportunities to those with malicious intent.
The first months of the COVID-19 pandemic witnessed a surge of social engineering attacks. Although the pandemic is certainly not the first occurrence of socially disruptive circumstances that drive cybercrime, relevant academic scholarship has remained scarce. To fill this gap in literature and propose the analytical framework of mazephishing that places particular emphasis on the importance of credible social context in the online scam ecosystem, we carried out a content analysis of (N = 563) international news stories reporting on social engineering attacks. Our results indicate that criminals make heavy use of social context and impersonation to make scams seem more credible. Major themes used in the scam messages include health information, personal protective equipment, cures, financial relief and donations. Additionally, scammers diversify their use of mediums depending on the type of scam being perpetrated. Our analysis also shows a significant presence of principles of persuasion in the circulated scam attempts.
This study explores the relationship between cyberbullying perception, social support, internet use time, cybercrime victimization, and cybercrime perpetration for adolescents by using a nationally representative sample-the 2020 Cyber Violence Survey (N = 4,958, Grades 4-12) in South Korea. Findings include: (1) higher perceptions of cybercrime correspond to a lower likelihood of cyberbullying victimization, (2) greater support from parents and friends decreases the likelihood of cyberbullying victimization and perceptions, (3) Internet usage time is linked to increased chances of experiencing cyberbullying, (4) a significant positive relationship exists between cyber victimization and perpetration, and (5) levels of school management are associated with student cyber safety. Mitigating victimization via early intervention/prevention programs at school were discussed.
"The Internet has simplified daily life activities. However, besides its comfortability, the Internet also presents the risk of victimization by several kinds of crimes. The present article addresses the question of which factors influence cyber-dependent crime and how they vary between three kinds of cyber-dependent offences: malware infection, ransomware infection, and misuse of personal data. According to the Routine Activity Approach, it is assumed that crime is determined by a motivated offender, the behavior of the Internet user, and the existence of prevention factors. Our analyses were based on a random sample of 26,665 Internet users in two federal states in Germany, aged 16 years and older; 16.6 percent of the respondents had experienced at least one form of cyber-dependent victimization during the year 2014. The results indicate that individual and household factors, as well as online and prevention behavior, influence the risk of cyber-dependent victimization. Furthermore, the effects differ between the three types of offences. In conclusion, the risk of being victimized by cyber-dependent crime is not the same for anyone, but depends on multivariate factors according to the idea of Routine Activity Approach. However, in view of the fact that crime-related factors also matter, studying different cybercrime offences separately seems to be an appropriate research approach."
Online social networks (OSNs) provide a new dimension to people's lives by giving birth to online societies. OSNs have revolutionized the human experience, but they have also created a platform for attackers to distribute infections and conduct cybercrime. An OSN provides an opportunistic attack platform for cybercriminals through which they can spread infections at a large scale. We describe a category of malware (or attacks) known as socioware that exploits OSN environments for performing unauthorized and nefarious activities. Socioware can be an executable, an extension, an exploit code, etc., that conducts malicious operations in OSNs with serious impact on users. Furthermore, we discuss the socioware taxonomy highlighting the characteristics of socioware to illustrate the design and exploitation tactics of OSN malware. In contrast, insider threats (employees or contractors) are posing a grave threat to organizations, with a motivation to steal critical data and monetize it for financial gains. Insider threats have become a serious concern for many organizations today. We present a complete attack model to demonstrate how an insider threat exploits the online trust and confidentiality by transforming an OSN into a socioware distribution platform that infects other employees' systems. Finally, we discuss security defenses that can be adopted to defend against socioware.
The technological peculiarities of the Darknet as well as the availability of illicit items on the embedded marketplaces have raised heated debates in the media and keen interest by law enforcement and academics. In prior work, researchers have already investigated the infrastructure of Darknet platforms and the global distribution of Darknet market activity. In our work, we take a broader perspective by studying the Darknet as a regional, socio-economic and technological phenomenon. Our starting assumption is that there exist cross-country indicators that are related to Darknet market activity. We identify relevant indicators, and discuss their relationship to cybercrime from a theoretical perspective. We apply regression modelling and conduct a qualitative comparative analysis (QCA) to study the impact of the identified indicators on the number of items offered on the Darknet. We find that GDP per capita, the number of Bitcoin downloads per capita, the number of Tor relay users per capita and an education index correlate with market activity on Darknet platforms.
Cyber attacks on critical infrastructure by ideology-based hackers may have both significant financial costs and public safety consequences. Scholars have been increasingly using Sykes and Matza's (1957) techniques of neutralization to better understand the commission of various forms of cybercrime, including that of computer hacking. This study examines the effects of techniques of neutralization on college students' willingness to commit cyber attacks, specifically defacing websites and compromising financial and government servers, against both domestic and foreign targets. An overall techniques of neutralization scale significantly predicted being willing to commit all examined forms of cyber attacks even after controlling for peer behavior, computer skills, time spent online, and being male. The strongest support was found for the techniques of condemnation of the condemners and claim of entitlement. The implications of the findings for our understanding of why certain individuals are more willing to commit cyber attacks and the situational crime prevention efforts to remove excuses for offenders are both explored.
Cybercrime using big data is growing at an unprecedented rate, posing a serious threat to the Internet sector and global data. Traditional ways of mitigating cyber risks are becoming inadequate due to the more complex attack and offensive methods employed by cyber attackers, as well as the expanding importance of data-driven and intellect competitors. This work introduces new cyber attack detection (CAD) model in Big data that includes: Preprocessing, Feature Extraction, Feature Selection, and Detection, Mitigation. The preprocessing is done by using the improved class imbalance process. The variety of 3 features is extracted as flow-based features, improved entropy-based features, and higher-order statistical features. For feature selection, the Improved In-dependent component analysis (ICA) is used. Finally, the hybrid classifier includes LSTM and Deep Max out (DMO) in the detection process. Once the presence of an attack is detected, mitigation takes place via the pro-posed Bait mitigation process. The weights of Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) are optimized by using the Self -Enhanced Sea Gull Optimization (SE-SGO) model. The maximum accuracy has been achieved (0.94) for the suggested approach which is 38%, 14.6%, 7.36%, 38.7%, and 10.5% superior to the other existing approaches like HC + SGO, HC + SSOA, HC + DHOA, HC + DOX, and HC + FF, respectively.
Spam is characterized as unnecessary and garbage E-mails. Due to the increasing number of unsolicited E-mails, it is becoming more and more crucial for mail users to utilize a trustworthy spam E-mail filter. The shortcomings of spam classifier are defined by their increasing inability to manage large amounts of relevant messages and to effectively detect and effectively detect spam messages. Numerous characteristics in spam classifications are problematic. Given that selecting features is one of the most often used and successful techniques for feature reduction, it is a crucial duty in the identification of keyword content. As a result, features that are unnecessary and pointless yet potentially harm efficiency would be removed. In this study, we present SGNN-CNN (Semantic Graph Neural Network With CNN) as a solution to tackle the difficult task of mail identification. By projections E-mails onto a graph and by using the SGNN-CNN model for classifications, this technique transforms the E-mail classification issue into a graph classification challenge. There is no need to integrate the word into a representation since the E-mail characteristics are produced from the semantic network. On several open databases, the technique's effectiveness is evaluated. Some few public databases were used in experiments to demonstrate the high accuracy of the proposed approach for classifying E-mails. In term of spam classification, the performance is superior to state-of-the-art deep learning-based methods.
Sextortion, a portmanteau of sexual and extortion, is the threat to distribute intimate, sexual materials unless a victim complies with certain demands. Cyber sextortion is part of a larger continuum of image-based sexual offending in which images are used for harm. Despite the serious nature of this crime, there exists a dearth of empirical knowledge of sextortion. This article employed a qualitative content analysis of media articles and court documents to explore the crimes of 152 cyber sextortion offenders. Characteristics of offenders, victims, demands, and methodology were identified and synthesized to generate a qualitative understanding of offenders who employed cyber sextortion. The results revealed four different themes of offenders based on crime characteristics: minor-focused cyber sextortion offenders, cybercrime cyber sextortion offenders, intimately violent cyber sextortion offenders, and transnational criminal cyber sextortion offenders. The diverse nature of cyber sextortion has implications for crime control policies. Certain offenders are more likely to be apprehended and prosecuted depending on the crime victim and methodology. In addition, there has been a lack of legislative action targeting cyber sextortion, which limits legal recourse available for victims. We discuss the contribution of this work to the broader literature on cyber sextortion and address some of the challenges that this crime presents to the criminal justice system.
"Cyber-dependent offending, i.e. criminal behaviour reliant on computing and the online domain, has been reportedly associated with particular characteristics and motivations such as being young, male, autistic and motivated by challenge. These associations are anecdotal however and empirical evidence is limited. The present study investigated reasons for engaging or declining to commit cyber-dependent offending in cyber-skilled non-offenders (n = 175) and offenders (n = 7) via an online survey measuring cyber-dependent criminally. The potential role of autism and autistic traits was also considered. Qualitative interviews about motivations for offending were carried out with the offenders. The cyber-dependent offenders reported seven main reasons for engaging in cyber-dependent offending: (1) lack of understanding; (2) entertainment; (3) peer influence; (4) experience and career; (5) anonymity and risk perception; (6) life events; and (7) morals. Twenty-nine (approximately 17 %) of the non-offenders had been asked to engage in cyber-dependent offending but had declined. Their reasons and motivations for declining to commit cyber-dependent offences were compared with the cyber-dependent offenders reasons and motivations for engaging in cybercrime. Seven main reasons for declining to offend were identified: (1) moral principles; (2) perception of risk; (3) fear of consequences; (4) not wanting to; (5) wanting to adhere to the law; (6) behaviour being too complicated; and (7) price being too low. Implications for practise are discussed."
One of the most important practices of cybercrime investigations is to search a network traffic history for an excerpt of traffic, such as the disclosed information of an organization or a worm's signature. In post-mortem investigations, criminals and targets are detected by attributing the excerpt to payloads of traffic flows. Since it is impossible to store the high volume of data related to long-term traffic history, payload attribution systems (PASs) based on storing a compact digest of traffic using Bloom filters have been presented in the literature. In these systems, querying the stored digest for an excerpt results in a low number of suspects instead of certain criminals. In this paper, we present a different PAS which is based on simple and widespread digital signal processing techniques. Our traffic digesting scheme has been inspired by DSP-based compression algorithms. The proposed payload attribution system, named DSPAS, not only results in a low false positive rate but also outperforms previous schemes in response to wildcard queries which are essentially applicable for complex excerpts, such as the signature of polymorphic worms. Our theoretical analysis and practical evaluations show that the DSPAS results in a significantly lower false positive rate and also a lower processing time for wildcard queries in comparison to previous works. Moreover, our PAS can prevent a malicious insider from evading the PAS by its ability to find strings similar to a queried excerpt.
"Human trafficking is a worldwide crisis and the U. S. Department of State's 2012 Trafficking in Persons Report highlights the critical need to address this issue both home and abroad. Today, it is estimated as many as 27 million people around the world are victims of trafficking into the sex trade and other forms of servitude known as modern slavery or trafficking in persons. Trafficking in persons and human trafficking has been used by the U. S. Department of State and other governmental and multinational organizations as umbrella terms for the act of recruiting, harboring, transporting, providing, or obtaining a person for compelled labor or commercial sex acts through the use of force, fraud, or coercion. Recent research reflects that the exploitation of people through trafficking, is being channeled heavily through cyber activity such as Internet service, local bulletin board service, or any device capable of electronic data storage or transmission including social networking sites like Craig's List, Facebook, MySpace, and email instant messaging, text messaging, fictitious employment advertisements, immigration assistance and online bride websites. The goals of the research include: (1) identifying some of the key present challenges in cybertrafficking investigations, (2) understanding the impact of cybertrafficking in our society, locally, nationally and globally; and (3) assessing the role of the private sector in regulating the Internet for human trafficking activity. Presently, human trafficking scholarship and education is in its early stages particularly as it relates to understanding victim protection and assistance, technological, evidentiary and surveillance issues and international legal frameworks for the prevention of human trafficking. Greater awareness and education is needed to assist in the challenges faced by our Executive and Legislative Branches as they address important issues of national security and the growing incidence of cybercrime. This paper will introduce common law legal doctrines, procedural and evidentiary tools, forensic analysis, and case studies that will assist in creating a deeper understanding of the impact of cyber activity on the human trafficking industry in the effort to find greater solutions for the prevention, prosecution and protection of the innocent from the growing incidence of cyber activity as it relates to human trafficking around the globe."
Along with the development of video streaming, the increasing number of pirated video websites has caused unprecedented damage to copyright holders and potential security risks to their users. Though many efforts have been made to take down pirated video websites, they are still emerging by utilizing evading approaches like Fast-Flux domains and Cybercrime-as-a-Service(CaaS) tools. In this paper, to detect pirated video websites, we propose a Third-party Enhanced Pirated Video Website Classification Network (TEP-Net), which integrates both semantic features and relationship information between websites and their third-party services. More specifically, we apply CNN-BiLSTM-Attention to explore both character-level and domain-level textual embedding and utilize relationship information by constructing statistical features in classification. The experiment shows that TEP-Net achieves a significant performance compared with existing methods. Furthermore, we perform an in-depth analysis of the CaaS behind pirated video websites. Our research can help the security community fight against video piracy more precisely and effectively.
Despite the focus on knowledge risks in the literature, a limited number of studies have empirically examined technological knowledge risks in terms of digitalization, old technologies, and cybercrime as moderating variables in the relationship between work-life balance and job performance. To address this gap, this paper investigated the moderation effects of technological knowledge risks on the relationship between work-life balance and job performance during the pandemic period in employees of cooperative credit banks. A quantitative approach that involved gathering surveys was adopted. Applying PLS-SEM, the empirical findings revealed that technological knowledge risks have a significant impact on the relationship between work-life balance and job performance. Additionally, this research encourages managers to create and maintain a healthy work environment that promotes valuable employees' job performance while also evaluating the use of new technological advances and their related risks.
This article addresses the fundamental conceptual challenges which face the development of the Area of Freedom, Security and Justice (AFSJ) in the post-Lisbon Treaty era. It argues that Onuf-style constructivism is a valid lens with which to examine the development of the AFSJ to date, involving as it does the development of a shared understanding by practitioners, predominantly law enforcement and prosecution professionals, within the structures provided for them, in order to develop a completely new area of law and practice. While this approach will continue to need to be deployed in the development of further new operational areas, such as cybercrime, a new approach is now required, that of constitutionalism. A variety of forms of constitutionalism are then examined in order to establish their suitability as a mode of analysis for these developments.
"Given the complexity and velocity of the interactions among vastly heterogeneous elements on the Internet; the colossal amounts of information generated and exchanged, coupled with the increasingly evasive nature of new forms of electronic crimes, as well as the relative immaturity of current Digital Forensics tools, Law Enforcement Agencies are easily outpaced and overwhelmed with the types of electronic crimes experienced today. In this paper, we describe the architecture of a comprehensive automated Digital Investigation platform termed as the Live Evidence Information Aggregator (LEIA). It makes use of the strong points of hypervisor technologies, large scale distributed file systems, the resource description framework (RDF), peer-to-peer networks, and innovative collaborative mechanisms in order to introduce a level of speed, accuracy and efficiency to match up with the imminent age of massively distributed cybercrime in the context of Internet of Things."
Botnets account for a substantial portion of cybercrime. Botmasters utilize darkweb marketplaces to promote and provide their services, which can vary from renting or buying a botnet (or parts of it) to hiring services (e.g., distributed denial of service attacks). At the same time, botnet takedown attempts have proven to be challenging, demanding a combination of technical and legal methods, and often requiring the collaboration of a plethora of entities with varying jurisdictions. In this article, we map the elements associated with the business aspect of botnets and utilize them to develop adaptations of two widely used business models. Furthermore, we analyze the 28 most notable botnet takedown operations carried out from 2008 to 2021, in regard to the methods employed, and illustrate the correlation between these methods and the segments of our adapted business models. Our analysis suggests that the botnet takedown methods have been mainly focused on the technical side, but not on the botnet economic components. We aim to shed light on new takedown vectors and incentivize takedown actors to expand their efforts to methods oriented more toward the business side of botnets, which could contribute toward eliminating some of the challenges that surround takedown operations.
Cloud storage service allows users to store their data online, so that they can remotely access, maintain, manage, and back up data from anywhere via the Internet. Although helpful, this storage creates a challenge to digital forensic investigators and practitioners in collecting, identifying, acquiring, and preserving evidential data. This study proposes an investigation scheme for analyzing data remnants and determining probative artifacts in a cloud environment. Using pCloud as a case study, this research collected the data remnants available on end-user device storage following the storing, uploading, and accessing of data in the cloud storage. Data remnants are collected from several sources, including client software files, directory listing, prefetch, registry, network PCAP, browser, and memory and link files. Results demonstrate that the collected remnants data are beneficial in determining a sufficient number of artifacts about the investigated cybercrime.
This paper describes the impacts of criminal activities based on the nature of the crime, the victim, and the basis (whether short-term or long-range/term) of the impacts of cybercrime on Internet. Recently many countries are facing numerous cyber threats including DoS (and DDoS), malware, website defamation, spam and phishing email attacks. Due to these cybercrimes evolution, identifying and assessing security risk is crucial to access data from new technologies, and also trying to understand how technologies can be abused. Therefore, there is a need to develop a special cyber security risk assessment model to tackle over these cyber threats. In this paper, we propose to utilize Fuzzy Inference Model (FIS) to produce risk assessment result based on the four risk factors which are: vulnerability, threat, likelihood and impact to specify the range of risks that can threaten any entity and try to solve such issues to proposed entities. We have performed various analyses on this factors and finally, our evaluation results show the viability of our proposed approach. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
This paper addresses the relative lack of studies concerning characterisation of online crime in court judgements. The goal was to outline the social context of computer-dependent online offences in Lithuania as enacted in court practice. It is an internationally relevant example of the applied outcomes of local legislation enacting the Budapest Convention on Cybercrime. We focused on four key themes to explore how computer-dependent online crime was defined in court practice: offences, offenders, victims, and sentences, bound by the concept of selectivity in criminal justice. A mixed-methods approach was utilised to analyse 265 court judgements in online offence cases in Lithuania from the years 2017-2021. The results revealed that the majority of the offences were computer-enabled rather than computer-dependent, carried out by persons with previous experience in the criminal justice system seeking financial gain.
The availability of sophisticated technologies and methods of perpetrating criminogenic activities in the cyberspace is a pertinent societal problem. Darknet is an encrypted network technology that uses the internet infrastructure and can only be accessed using special network configuration and software tools to access its contents which are not indexed by search engines. Over the years darknets traditionally are used for criminogenic activities and famously acclaimed to promote cybercrime, procurements of illegal drugs, arms deals, and cryptocurrency markets. In countries with oppressive regimes, censorship of digital communications, and strict policies prompted journalists and freedom fighters to seek freedom using darknet technologies anonymously while others simply exploit it for illegal activities. Recently, MIT's Lincoln Laboratory of Artificial Intelligence augmented a tool that can be used to expose illegal activities behind the darknet. We studied relevant literature reviews to help researchers to better understand the darknet technologies, identify future areas of research on the darknet and ultimately to optimize how data-driven insights can be utilized to support governmental agencies in unraveling the depths of darkent technologies. This paper focuses on the use of internet for crimes, deanonymization of TOR-services, darknet a new digital street for illicit drugs, research questions and hypothesis to guide researchers in further studies. Finally, in this study, we propose a model to examine and investigate anonymous online illicit markets
Information and communication technologies are widely used in modern conditions. Individuals, businesses and public administration system try to adapt to the new game rules as quickly as possible, to introduce modern information systems, to use the Internet in life, in production and transactions, purchases, promotion of goods and services. However, new information artifacts threaten each business entity well-being and lead to information leak, software malfunction, cyber-espionage, an open information attack or direct financial losses due to cybercrime in banking operations. The purpose of the scientific article is the identification of existing information threats to economic security, their economic consequences and possible ways to prevent them through the state policy implementation. A detailed analysis of the sources of scientific information allowed to establish the role and place of information threats in the economic security threats system, to create a model of information threats influence on economic security and to form a differentiated approach to the implementation of state policy for reducing economic security information threats.
Computer and Internet technology has become a vital part of a daily life for many as it has brought many enhancements to the quality of many individuals' lives. Although advances in computer and Internet technology are utilised by many people for various respectable reasons, at the same time it has become a tool in the hands of cybercriminals for various nefarious reasons. Cybercrime has become a fast-growing type of crime where more and more criminals exploit the speed, convenience and anonymity of the Internet to perpetrate various criminal activities that have no border. This paper examines the phenomenon of cyber crime and the difficulties and challenges that it presents due to the way that it is being regulated in England and Wales. A major focus will be placed on the area of hacking. To this end, the effectiveness of the Computer Misuse Act in dealing with cybercrimes both in the past and in the future will be examined.
The article deals with new technologies for countering cyber attacks that can be aimed at destabilizing public order, large-scale disruption of communication systems, intimidation by imposing one's will, including on power structures, and, in general, pose an increased threat to the national and information security of the state. Particular attention is paid to blockchain technology, which allows to hide funds aimed at financing criminal, including terrorist activities, including in the information space. Also in the article, the authors present generalized research results as part of the implementation of the RFBR scientific project No. 18-29-16175 Blockchain technology to counter the risks of cyberterrorism and cyber extremism: a criminal-legal study. Modern cybercrime dictates new challenges to the state, which can no longer be responded to within the space of a single state. Today, the issue of legislative regulation of the interaction of states to prevent cybercrime with the use of new technologies is an acute issue. The most important aspect of the new forms of countering cybercrime is the decentralization of users of anonymous proxy server systems. And if earlier security agencies still had available loopholes for direct access to the user's IP address, now everything has become much more complicated and a comprehensive analysis of the traffic of a particular user is necessary. Scientists also point out that network attacks can contain malicious embedded code, the use of backdoors and much more. Such attacks can be triggered from anywhere in the world because of a computer with a masked IP-address. A new type of warfare, even cyber warfare, is changing the landscape of war itself. This type of war eliminates the need to have physically capable armed forces and requires the need for forces with strong technical capabilities, such as computer skills. Many countries, including Russia, have come to understand that this is a problem and are actively pursuing policies to address it in order to mitigate threats.
"Cyber threats such as identity deception, cyber bullying, identity theft and online sexual grooming have been witnessed on social media. These threats are disturbing to the society at large. Even more so to minors who are exposed to the Internet and might not even be aware of these threats. This paper describes a brief overview of different developments on cybersecurity methodologies that have been implemented to ensure safety of minors on social media, particularly; online sexual grooming. A desktop survey on Machine Learning technologies that have used to detect online sexual grooming is presented in this paper. The aim is to consolidate most of the work done in the past by scholars in this area of research, in order to develop insights on various algorithms that have been proposed and the reported performance results."
Today, there are many scams on the internet, including predatory publishing, predatory journals and predatory conferences. These fraudulent activities are a form of cybercrime and cause reputational damage to science and scientists in many disciplines. These activities also threaten the integrity of modern health care and scholarship. In this paper, the scamming associated with predatory conferences is discussed. An email is the most typical way researchers are asked to sign up for a predatory conference.Nurses, midwives and others are warned of the potential for lost funds, time, effort and emotional investment if they invest in a non-existent conference or one of low quality. Vigilance is needed by experienced scholars and clinicians, as well as early career researchers and graduate students, to try to detect when conferences are not what they seem. Suggestions are given here to try to determine if the conference is predatory. Understanding the extent of predatory conferences and evidencing clear strategies to reduce the likelihood of being scammed are much needed. While many papers are published about this problem, there is a lack of research, and this is an opportunity for nurses and midwives to consider for their next project. Action is clearly needed to reduce or eliminate these scams, and individuals and groups afected by predatory conferences need to report this to their institutions who must refer the mater to law enforcement agencies.
Background: Amidst the rise of e-commerce, there has been a proliferation of illicit online pharmacies that threaten global patient safety by selling drugs without a prescription directly to the consumer. Despite this clear threat, little is known about the key risk characteristics, central challenges and current legal, regulatory and law enforcement responses. Sources of data: A review was conducted of the English literature with search terms 'online pharmacies', 'Internet pharmacies', 'cyber pharmacies', 'rogue pharmacies', and 'e-pharmacies' using PubMed, JSTOR, and Google Scholar from 1999-2005. Areas of agreement: Illicit online pharmacies are a rapidly growing public health threat and are characterized by a number of complex and interrelated risk factors. Areas of controversy: Solutions are varied and are of questionable utility in the face of evolving technology that enables this form of transnational cybercrime. Growing points: Legal, regulatory and technology solutions must address the entire illicit online pharmacy ecosystem in order to be effective. Areas timely for developing research: There is a critical need to build international consensus, conduct additional research and develop technology to combat illicit online pharmacies.
"Traditional security education often focuses on teaching theoretical concepts but lacks hands-on experience. However, many aspects of modern security, especially in the incident management domain, cannot be taught in the abstract; they must be experienced. Our Cyber Defence Centre (CDC) allows us to train students in a simulated environment where they gain skills in detecting attacks, closing vulnerabilities, and responding to security breaches in a realistic but safe setting."
Along with the use of the internet, awareness regarding the privacy of the user data is also increasing slowly and gradually but at a comparatively slower rate than that of cybercrime. At present in the market, there are many such operating systems available that are secured and leave the minimum number of traces which makes it difficult to retrieve or obtain any kind of data from that system after carrying out the forensics of that machine. In this research, acquisition, and analysis of random access memory (RAM), of such secured operating systems, is performed and potential artefacts related to the activities are identified, that the operating systems leave in the memory of the system which can be further submitted in the court of law as evidence in case of a crime being committed using such security providing technology.
"Purpose The purpose of this paper is to summarise the current state of empirical knowledge pertaining to online risk and cybercrime relating to people with intellectual disabilities (ID). Design/methodology/approach This narrative review summarises, synthesises and critically evaluates the current literature and state of knowledge and offers suggestions for extending current knowledge and practice. Findings Evidence regarding risk for people with ID is limited but growing. Existing findings highlight that: risk may increase contingent upon higher levels of sociability, loneliness, anxiety and depression, poorer insight, judgement, discrimination and ability to detect deception online and reduced experience and life opportunities; people without ID perceive high online risk for people with ID, which may lead to gatekeeping restrictions and controlling digital access; restriction may potentially impede online self-determination, participation and development by people with ID; and experience of risk may enhance awareness, independence and resilience in managing future online risk amongst people with ID. Further research work is needed in this area to enhance understanding of risk experience and effective support strategies. Originality/value This review of current knowledge has highlighted the necessity for more research to better understand the propensity for engagement in different risky online behaviours and to better inform support practices to help people with ID to manage risk whilst maintaining digital inclusion."
Online forums serve as offender convergence settings for cybercriminals, but it is unknown whether all cybercriminal networks use forums. Important questions are how cybercriminals meet, how cybercriminal networks develop and what this means for the criminal capabilities of these networks. To gain insight into these questions, we analysed 18 criminal investigations into phishing and malware networks and developed four models of growth. Social ties still play an important role in the origin and growth of the majority of networks. Forums, however, also play a significant role in a number of networks, for example, to find suitable co-offenders or to get into contact with enablers. Criminals with access to forums are able to increase criminal capabilities of their network relatively quickly.
One of the common examples of cybercrime are identity theft and violating of intellectual property that commonly occur in social media. Authorship attribution (AA) techniques are used to extract and use several features of the text in order to identify the original author. These features are used to differentiate the writing style of one author from others. Several machine learning methods have been used to identify the AA using different languages. Few studies were conducted for Arabic AA. This paper aims to investigate the performance of deep learning-based artificial neural network (ANN) for identifying the attribution of authors using Arabic text. The applied model helps protect users in social media from identity theft and violating of their intellectual property. The experiments of this study used a dataset that includes 4,686 Arabic texts for 15 different authors. The performance of the deep learning method was compared with several machine learning methods. The experimental results showed the superior performance of deep learning for AA in Arabic language using different evaluation criteria such as F-score, accuracy, precision, and recall measures.
In the era of global communication, the Internet has become an integral part of our daily life activities. Information sharing over the Internet has significantly changed the way of communication among the millennials all over the globe. Consequently, this has led to security and privacy issues as the millennials are willing to their share personal information online without any hesitation. In Malaysia, more than 30 Malaysians fall victim to cybercrime daily due to the misuse of personal information. However, factors of why millennials share such information are yet to be discussed. The aim of this study is to assess the factors that influence information sharing behavior among millennial in Malaysia based on their demographic profile. The research uses quantitative approach, and administrates survey to one hundred and eighty respondents of a groups of millennial. Theory of Planned Behavior (TPB) is used to identify the factors that influence information sharing behavior among millennial in Malaysia. The result indicates that subjective norms which is the individual's perceived social pressure to perform or not to perform a given behavior is the most influential factor that contributes in online information sharing behavior among millennial group in Malaysia. The study then suggested several countermeasures to be taken in information security education to address issues in information sharing behavior among millennial in Malaysia.
An increase in digitization is giving rise to cybercrimes. The existing network protocols are insufficient for collecting the required digital evidence of cybercrime, which eventually makes the process of forensic investigation difficult. In the current scenario of network forensics, the investigator with current capabilities can reach only up to the ISP. This is not primary evidence. Currently, available tools work only at the network layer. In this work, we propose a protocol that ensures tracking up to the true source by collecting beforehand forensically sound evidence. The proposed protocol can collect target data from the device in the form of a device fingerprint with the help of an agent process. The proposed methodology will help in proving non-repudiation, which is a well-known challenge in forensic cases. The fingerprint evidence generated by the proposed method has the capability of not getting obsolete even if the criminal tries to destroy evidence. The fingerprinting technique deployed uses a hash tree and generates evidence in such a way that this fingerprint can act as legal evidence. The security validation of the proposed system is done using the BAN logic. Formal verification is performed using the AVISPA tool. The system has been implemented as a prototype and hosted on AWS. (C) 2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of King Saud University.
"Image-based sexual abuse (IBSA) involves three key behaviors: the non-consensual taking or creation of nude or sexual images; the non-consensual sharing or distribution of nude or sexual images; and threats made to distribute nude or sexual images. IBSA is becoming increasingly criminalized internationally, representing an important and rapidly developing cybercrime issue. This paper presents findings of the first national online survey of self-reported lifetime IBSA perpetration in Australia (n = 4053), with a focus on the extent, nature, and predictors of perpetration. Overall, 11.1% (n = 411) of participants self-reported having engaged in some form of IBSA perpetration during their lifetime, with men significantly more likely to report IBSA perpetration than women. With regard to the nature of perpetration, participants reported targeting men and women at similar rates, and were more likely to report perpetrating against intimate partners or ex-partners, family members and friends than strangers or acquaintances. Logistic regression analyses identified that males, lesbian, gay or bisexual participants, participants with a self-reported disability, participants who accepted sexual image-based abuse myths, participants who engaged in or experienced sexual self-image behaviors, and participants who had a nude or sexual image of themselves taken, distributed, and/or threatened to be distributed without their consent were more likely to have engaged in some form of IBSA perpetration during their lifetime."
Cybercrimes have evolved, in a very short period of time, from just an interesting phenomenon to one of the biggest threats that our society has yet faced. The term of cybercrime is not something new anymore, due to the inconstant evolution of the technologies that were initially meant to ease our life. However, any new progress brings with it different challenges and sometimes some new criminal behaviors. Due to the apparition of the cyber criminality on the global stage, different types of institutions from the filed of law enforcement started to develop programs to fight this new - at that time-type of threat. An interesting and actual challenge is also addressed to the main institutions from the area of Public Order and National Security, and especially to the ones meant to train the professionals in these fields. This challenge is referring to the way to train the personnel related to the cybercrimes from the point of view of prevention and fighting this phenomenon. However, another problem is for the Academic institution-such as Romanian Police Academy, in case of this article 's subject - to be able to provide a minimal level of knowledge in this field for future police officers, which, of course, will be involved (or at least intended to be involved) in different typologies of crimes than the ones related to digital environment. Current paper is intended to provide a brief image of current realities of this type of training, as well as the main advantages and disadvantages of the current educational system in accordance with the real needs from an operational point of view.
This article examines the modus operandi of phishing for information related to bank accounts in The Netherlands, by composing crime scripts based on 93 Dutch court transcripts. The analysis resulted in two overarching crime scripts of phishing. In the first crime script, criminals aim to steal victims' ATM cards and pin numbers. In crime script two, criminals aim to steal victims' personal data and verification codes-codes needed to confirm transfers-in order to deposit money from the bank accounts of victims to third parties' bank accounts, or to persuade victims to do this themselves. In conclusion, the modus operandi of phishing has not changed much in recent years, meaning that interventions targeting bottlenecks in the crime script can still very well be implemented. Furthermore, the results indicate that the modus operandi seems to become less technical, contradicting the idea that digitalization leads to more technically sophisticated phishing methods.
With the increasing threat of cybercrime, there is also an increasing need for the forensic investigation of those crimes. However, the topic of systematic preparation on the possible forensic investigation during the software development, called forensic readiness, has only been explored since recently. Thus, there are still many challenges and open issues. One of the obstacles is ensuring the correct implementation. Moreover, the growing volume and variety of digital evidence produced by the systems have to be put into consideration. It is especially important in the critical information infrastructure domain where potential cyberattacks could impact the safety of people. In this paper, we present research towards verification of forensic readiness in software development, with a focus on digital evidence they produce, to assist the advancement of this research domain. Furthermore, we formulate a process that serves a template for designing, developing, and refining a verification method for forensic-ready software systems.
Romance scams involve cybercriminals engineering a romantic relationship on online dating platforms for monetary gain. It is a cruel form of cybercrime whereby victims are left heartbroken, often facing financial ruin. We characterize the literary landscape on romance scams, advancing the understanding of researchers and practitioners by systematically reviewing and synthesizing contemporary qualitative and quantitative evidence. The systematic review establishes influencing factors of victimhood and explores countermeasures for mitigating romance scams. We searched 10 scholarly databases and websites using terms related to romance scams. The methodology followed the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-analyses (PRISMA) guidelines: a total of 279 papers were screened. One hundred seven papers were assessed for eligibility, and 53 were included in the final analysis. Three main contributions were identified: common profile features and techniques used by romance scammers, countermeasures for mitigating romance scams and factors predisposing an individual to become a scammer or a victim. Despite a growing corpus of literature, the total number of empirical or experimental examinations remained limited. The paper concludes with avenues for future research and victimhood intervention strategies for practitioners, law enforcement and the industry.
Cyber-attacks can be more dangerous than guns and tanks. This statement was made by Junker in his speech in the EU State of the Union in 2017 and reflects the extreme importance of this phenomenon. The increasing variety of devices that can access to Internet has contributed to the overall growth of internet users, in all kinds of places and circumstances. These devices are now part of our lives and we use it for everything. As the number of devices and tasks that we do with it are growing, more prone we are to cyber-attacks. As well, as the number of user's victim of these attacks are increasing, the general concerns about cybercrime are growing too. The growing list of cybercrimes includes crimes that have been made possible by computers, such as network intrusions and the dissemination of computer viruses, as well as computer-based variations of existing crimes, such as identity theft and terrorism which have become as major problem to people and nations. In this context, the European Union is leading the effort to regulate the defence against cyber-threats in both normative/legal and strategic levels. This reality is also very present in Portugal, where there is a sense of lack of control and capacity to combat this kind of threats. In this article, we present the European Strategy and Legislation for Cybersecurity and how this strategy applies and involves Portugal.
The article's purpose is the criminological and forensic characteristics of the forms of embezzlement of funds by the use of information technology and international and foreign experience in combating this destructive phenomenon. The object of this article is the relationship that arises in connection with the implementation and counteraction to theft in the field of information technology. The authors used various methods of scientific cognition to write this work. In particular, historical, observation, generalization, comparison and analogy, statistical, analytical, and others. The article emphasizes that the emergence and rapid development of new information technologies do not always positively affect criminals because criminals can transform positive qualities into crime. In particular, crimes of embezzlement through the use of information technology are now widespread. This article has tried to provide a criminological description of the three main forms of cybercrime against money: carding, phishing, and embezzlement committed using NFC technology. In addition, emphasis was placed on the importance, role, tasks of computer and technical expertise in the investigation of embezzlement dedicated through the use of information technology. The importance of implementing international conventions and the positive experience of foreign countries in combating the embezzlement of funds committed through the use of information technology.
In recent years, the number of cyber attacks, virus carriers, and cybercrime on maritime transport facilities has increased significantly. The emergence of new types of maritime vessels, such as autonomous vessels, dependent entirely on information and communication technologies used for passengers, cargo and baggage transportation, requires legal regulation of relations in this area. Therefore, ensuring cybersecurity in maritime transport and the need to adopt appropriate legal norms, standards and measures at both the international and national levels to manage maritime cyber risks are considered one of the most relevant topics for maritime transport. There is no single, systematic integrated approach, unification of requirements and rules in cybersecurity's sphere of maritime transport [15]. In this regard, the authors analyze the issues of ensuring cybersecurity in maritime transport, the legal basis of security: some international documents and national legal acts, regulating cybersecurity in maritime transport, will be considered, as well as the main question of how they are able to meet modern requirements for ensuring cybersecurity in maritime transport.
Cybercriminals operate in obscurity to avoid detection of their illegal deeds. This fact makes studying them more difficult. Many cybercriminals meet in illicit online market places such as carding forums. The forums are often visible, but the actual transactions are carried out in private messages beyond view. However, there is no honor among thieves, and sometimes a carding forum server database will be hacked and leaked to the public. Existing research has been conducted on such leaked databases, but much of it is quantitative, rather than offering any qualitative interpretation into the nature of the forum user base. This research sought to analyze two such leaked carding forum databases by applying hierarchical clustering of 10,714 registered user accounts, grouping users based on 19 variables consisting of comment history style, site engagement activity, and explicit status markers. The results yielded 16 categories of users from four different domains composed of general consumers, location-based consumers, producers, and an other category. Following categorization, qualitative analyses were conducted to further shed insight into the nature of the two forums.
As technology has changed people's lives, criminal phenomena are also constantly evolving. Today's digital society is changing the activities of organized crime and organized crime groups. In the digital society, very different organized crime groups coexist with different organizational models: from online cybercrime to traditional organized crime groups to hybrid criminal groups in which humans and machines `collaborate' in new and close ways in networks of human and non-human actors. These criminal groups commit very different organized crime activities, from the most technological to the most traditional, and move from online to offline. They use technology and interact with computers for a variety of purposes, and the distinction between the physical and virtual dimensions of organized crime is increasingly blurred. These radical developments do not seem to be accompanied by a new criminological theoretical interpretive framework, with a definition of organized crime that is able to account for the changes that digital society brings to organized crime and generate modern research hypotheses. This article proposes the concept of digital organized crime and the spectrum theory of digital organized crimes, to be embedded within a current, revised sociological theory of the organization of crime and deviance in digital society (a new theory of digital criminal organizing) and argues that the study of digital organized crime will increasingly require a digital sociology of organized crime. Criminologists are called upon to work in this direction.
Modern information technology (IT) is well developed, and almost everyone uses the features of IT and services within the Internet. However, people are being affected due to cybersecurity threats. People can adhere to the recommended cybersecurity guidelines, rules, adopted standards, and cybercrime preventive measures to largely mitigate these threats. The ignorance of or lack of cybersecurity knowledge also causes a critical problem regarding confidentiality and privacy. It is not possible to fully avoid cybercrimes that often lead to sufficient business losses and spread forbidden themes (disgust, extremism, child porn, etc.). Therefore, to reduce the risk of cybercrimes, a web-based Blockchain-enabled cybersecurity awareness program (WBCA) process is introduced in this paper. The proposed WBCA trains users to improve their security skills. The proposed program helps with understanding the common behaviors of cybercriminals and improves user knowledge of cybersecurity hygiene, best cybersecurity practices, modern cybersecurity vulnerabilities, and trends. Furthermore, the proposed WBCA uses Blockchain technology to protect the program from potential threats. The proposed program is validated and tested using real-world cybersecurity topics with real users and cybersecurity experts. We anticipate that the proposed program can be extended to other domains, such as national or corporate courses, to increase the cybersecurity awareness level of users. A CentOS-based virtual private server is deployed for testing the proposed WBCA to determine its effectiveness. Finally, WBCA is also compared with other state-of-the-art web-based programs designed for cybersecurity awareness.
"Ransomware attacks are a fast-growing cybercrime that pose a large threat to society. These attacks can result in losing significant amounts of data and money for their victims. Many industries such as aerospace, governmental organizations, etc., have been targeted in the last couple of years. This paper examines the recent attack incidents by one of the famous ransomware groups, Babuk, on the aerospace industry and a police department. It provides an in-depth analysis of the methodology of the attack and examines the impact at a local and global level. A total of 250 gigabytes of data were stolen from one of the victims, the D.C. Metropolitan Police Department. Babuk first had to gain access by infiltrating the system to attack the victims successfully; however, there is no clear evidence on how this was specifically done. Babuk likely gained access by scanning for vulnerable ports in the victim's system, sending employees a phishing email with a malicious link, or cracking passwords that the victim used for admins in their system. After gaining access, Babuk had to maintain access while stealing and encrypting files. Finally, they demanded ransom from the victims and threatened to post the sensitive data if the ransom was not paid. The attack has impacted not only specific organizations but also public security officials. This paper provides an in-depth analysis of the possible attack methodologies and defense strategies against such ransomware attacks. The defense strategies may include changing government policies, regulating cryptocurrency, and adhering to FBI-listed advice."
Phishing attacks are a common feature of online communications. Phishing attacks impact many actors, from individual victims to the corporate and government agencies whose brands are deceptively used. Responding to phishing is big business, driving software security markets, influencing eCommerce uptake and participation, and protecting corporate brand and image. Yet despite its insidious nature and the penetration of phishing throughout online communications, little is known regarding phishing attacks and their responses. This paper is a response to this key knowledge gap, analyzing the tasks and mapping the social interactions of a phishing attack and the associated response. To achieve this, the research team adopted a multi-method approach in examining the underlying functions and interactions involved in a phishing attack and its response by deliberately 'taking the phishing bait', interviewing a sample of individuals that had unwittingly responded to phishing attacks, and engaging with organisations that took response measures to such events. This multi-actor engagement provided critical observations and content about the victim experience and interactions with those responsible for the attacks. The research is highly novel in its application of Work Domain Analysis (WDA) to gain an understanding of the functional structure of phishing attacks and the online transactional environment they target as a sociotechnical system. By examining the functional properties of interactions within the research context, the paper provides a unique perspective of phishing and the inter-linkages and dependencies across multiple levels of abstraction from the initial 'baiting' to the achievement of overall system objectives by cybercriminals. The findings provide opportunities to enhance phishing prevention and detection methodologies, improve individual resilience to such attacks, and pave the way for future efforts in applying sociotechnical systems methods to the cybercrime environment. (C) 2015 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.
Cybercrime is all about the crimes in which communication channel and communication device has been used directly or indirectly as a medium whether it is a Laptop, Desktop, PDA, Mobile phones, Watches, Vehicles. The report titled Global Risks for 2012, predicts cyber-attacks as one of the top five risks in the World for Government and business sector. Cyber crime is a crime which is harder to detect and hardest to stop once occurred causing a long term negative impact on victims. With the increasing popularity of online banking, online shopping which requires sensitive personal and financial data, it is a term that we hear in the news with some frequency. Now, in order to protect ourselves from this crime we need to know what it is and how it does works against us. This paper presents a brief overview of all about cyber criminals and crime with its evolution, types, case study, preventive majors and the department working to combat this crime.
Entrepreneurs are likely to be victims of ransomware. Previous studies have found that entrepreneurs tend to adopt few preventive measures, thereby increasing their chances of victimization. Due to a lack of research, however, not much is known about why entrepreneurs lack self-protective behaviors and how they can be encouraged to change said behaviors. Therefore, the purpose of this study is to explain, by means of an extended model of the Protection Motivation Theory (PMT), the motivation for entrepreneurs using protective measures against ransomware in the future. The data for our study were collected thanks to a questionnaire that was answered by 1,020 Dutch entrepreneurs with up to 250 employees. Our Struc-tural Equation Modelling (SEM) analysis revealed that entrepreneurs are more likely to take preventive measures against ransomware if they perceive the risk of ransomware as severe (perceived severity), if they perceive their company as being vulnerable (perceived vulnerability), if they are concerned about the risks (affective response), and if they think that the people and companies around them expect them to apply preventive measures (subjective norms). However, if entrepreneurs think that they are capable of handling the risk (self-efficacy) and are convinced that their adopted preventive measures are effec-tive (response efficacy), they are less likely to take preventive measures. Furthermore, for entrepreneurs that outsource IT security, the significant effect of perceived vulnerability and subjective norms disap-pears. The likelihood of entrepreneurs protecting their business against ransomware is thus influenced by a complex interplay of various motivational factors and is partly dependent on the business' character-istics. Based on these findings, we will discuss security professionals' prospects for increasing the cyber resilience of entrepreneurs, thus preventing cybercrime victimization.(c) 2023 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Within the past decade, Africa has witnessed a phenomenal growth in telecommunications and Internet penetration. Statistical data indicates that Internet users in Africa grew from 4,514,400 million people in 2000 to 167, 335, 676 million people in June 2012[1]. Naturally, the spread of telecommunications technologies and Internet penetration in African states has also raised concerns for cybersecurity at both national and regional levels. At the regional level, the Africa Union Commission and United Nations Economic Commission for Africa has developed a draft regulatory framework on cybersecurity which is known as the Draft Convention for the Establishment of a Credible Legal Framework for Cybersecurity in Africa. The Convention is intended to harmonize the laws of African states on electronic commerce, data protection, cybersecurity promotion and cybercrime control. This paper briefly discuses some of the defects of the Draft Convention with respect to the promotion of cybersecurity and cybercrime control. The paper also offers some suggestions on possible remedies that would enhance the effectiveness of the Draft Convention towards promoting cybersecurity in Africa.
While extant literature on privacy in social networks is plentiful, issues pertaining to information security remain largely unexplored. This paper empirically examines the relationship between online victimisation and users' activity and perceptions of personal information security on social networking services (SNS). Based on a survey of active users, we explore how behavioural patterns on social networks, personal characteristics and technical efficacy of users impact the risk of facing online victimisation. Our results suggest that users with high-risk propensity are more likely to become victims of cybercrime, whereas those with high perceptions of their ability to control information shared on SNS are less likely to become victims. The study shows that there is a negative and statistically significant association between multipurpose dominant SNS (e.g. Facebook, Google +) usage and victimisation. However, activity on the SNS for knowledge exchange (e.g. Linkedln, Slogger) has a positive and statistically significant association with online victimisation. Our results have implications for practice as they inform the social media industry that protection of individual information security on SNS cannot be left entirely to the user. The importance of user awareness in the context of social technologies plays an important role in preventing victimisation, and social networking services should provide adequate controls to protect personal information. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Cybercrime continues to cause increasing threat to business processes, eroding stakeholders' trust in Internet technologies. In this article, we explore how six dominant algorithmic trust positions facilitate cognitive processing, which, in turn, can influence an organization's productivity and align its values and support structures for combating cybercrimes. This conceptual paper uses a cognitive perspective described as a throughput model. This modeling perspective captures several dominant algorithmic trust positions for organizations, providing a new, and powerful approach which seeks to enhance our understanding of the cognitive representation of decision-making processes. These trust positions are rational-based trust, rule-based trust, category-based trust, third-party based trust, role-based trust, and knowledge-based trust. Finally, we provide conclusion and implications for future research.
This study examines the rising incidence of phishing and its impact on the survival of corporate organisations in Cross River State, Nigeria. A cross-sectional survey research design which allows the triangulation of quantitative and qualitative methods is applied. Questionnaires were distributed to 1074 respondents purposively selected from 18 financial institutions, 4 telecommunication network providers and 2 manufacturing companies, while in-depth interviews were conducted on 13 participants across the selected corporate organisations. The presentation of data is done using frequency distribution tables and chart while the qualitative data were content analysized. The study concludes that phishing is on the increase and corporate organisations in Cross River State are losing fortunes to the activities of phishers. This development the study reveals has forced organisations to lose trade and competitiveness, destroying consumers' confidence in the organisations and their products/services, among others. Based on the findings of this study, it is recommended that corporate organisations should invest more resources and time in sensitizing staff and customers on how to stay safe from cybercriminals and their villainous activities. Also, customers should verify the authenticity of the correspondence between them and the various organisations they transact business with, before responding to such mails, especially when it involves divulging sensitive information about themselves.
The prevalence and nonstop evolving technical sophistication of exploit kits (EKs) is one of the most challenging shifts in the modern cybercrime landscape. Over the last few years, malware infections via drive-by download attacks have been orchestrated with EK infrastructures. Malicious advertisements and compromised websites redirect victim browsers to web-based EK families that are assembled to exploit client-side vulnerabilities and finally deliver evil payloads. A key observation is that while the webpage contents have drastic differences between distinct intrusions executed through the same EK, the patterns in URL addresses stay similar. This is due to the fact that autogenerated URLs by EK platforms follow specific templates. This practice in use enables the development of an efficient system that is capable of classifying the responsible EK instances. This paper proposes novel URL features and a new technique to quickly categorize EK families with high accuracy using machine learning algorithms. Rather than analyzing each URL individually, the proposed overall URL patterns approach examines all URLs associated with an EK infection automatically. The method has been evaluated with a popular and publicly available dataset that contains 240 different real-world infection cases involving over 2250 URLs, the incidents being linked with the 4 major EK flavors that occurred throughout the year 2016. The system achieves up to 100% classification accuracy with the tested estimators.
The modern malware poses serious security threats because of its evolved capability of using staged and persistent attack while remaining undetected over a long period of time to perform a number of malicious activities. The challenge for malicious actors is to gain initial control of the victim's machine by bypassing all the security controls. The most favored bait often used by attackers is to deceive users through a trusting or interesting email containing a malicious attachment or a malicious link. To make the email credible and interesting the cybercriminals often perform reconnaissance activities to find background information on the potential target. To this end, the value of information found on the discarded or stolen storage devices is often underestimated or ignored. In this paper, we present the partial results of analysis of one such hard disk that was purchased from the open market. The data found on the disk contained highly sensitive personal and organizational data. The results from the case study will be useful in not only understanding the involved risk but also creating awareness of related threats.
Although a relatively simple form of hacking, website defacement can have severe consequences both for the websites that are attacked and the reputation of their owners. However, criminological research has yet to fully explore the causes and correlates of website defacement. We consider whether variables derived from routine activity theory can be applied to understanding website defacement. Specifically, using a sample of websites that were targeted by hackers in 2017 across the world, we examine the relationship between a country's structural characteristics and the frequency of website defacement reported for the country. We find that website defacements are less likely to occur in the presence of capable guardianship (strong military presence) and more likely to occur when certain measures of target suitability are present. Additionally, using hackers' self-reported valuations of potential targets, we separate defacements into two groups, and examine whether websites targeted for political reasons have different correlates than websites targeted for recreational reasons. Findings reveal that recreational defacements are deterred by capable guardianship (strong military presence) and are influenced by certain measures of target suitability while political defacements are not.
Cybercrime against critical infrastructure such as nuclear reactors, power plants, and dams has been increasing in frequency and severity. Recent literature regarding these types of attacks has been extensive but due to the sensitive nature of this field, there is very little empirical data. We address these issues by integrating Routine Activity Theory and Rational Choice Theory, and we create a classification tool called TRACI (Taxonomy for Risk Assessment of Cyberattacks on Critical Infrastructure). We take a Design Science Research approach to develop, evaluate, and refine the proposed artifact. We use mix methods to demonstrate that our taxonomy can successfully capture the characteristics of various cyberattacks against critical infrastructure. TRACI consists of three dimensions, and each dimension contains its own subdimensions. The first dimension comprises of hacker motivation, which can be financial, socio-cultural, thrill-seeking, and/or economic. The second dimension represents the assets such as cyber, physical, and/or cyber-physical components. The third dimension is related to threats, vulnerabilities, and controls that are fundamental to establishing and maintaining an information security posture and overall cyber resilience. Our work is among the first to utilize criminological theories and Design Science to create an empirically validated artifact for improving critical infrastructure risk management.
Cybercriminals deploy botnets for conducting nefarious operations on the Internet. Botnets are managed on a large scale and harness the power of compromised machines, which are controlled through centralized portals known as C&C panels. C&C panels are considered as attackers' primary operating environment through which bots are controlled and updated at regular intervals of time. C&C panels also store information stolen from the compromised machines as a part of the data exfiltration activity. In this empirical study, we analyzed many over 9000 C&C web URLs to better understand the deployment and the operational characteristics of HTTP-based botnets.
We describe the roadmapping method developed in the context of the CyberROAD EU FP7 project, the aim of which was to develop a research roadmap for cybercrime and cyberterrorism. To achieve this aim we build on state-of-the-art methodologies and guidelines, as well as related projects, and adapt them to the specific characteristics of cybercrime and cyberterrorism. The distinctive feature is that cybercrime and cyberterrorism co-evolve with their contextual environment (i.e., technology, society, politics and economy). This poses specific challenges to a roadmapping effort. Our approach could become a best practice in the field of cybersecurity, and could also be generalised to phenomena that exhibit a similar, strong co-evolution with their contextual environment. In this chapter, we define our route to developing the CyberROAD research roadmap and contextualise it with an example of Enterprise 2.0.
"Tax policies across countries reveal disparities that cybercriminals can exploit, taking advantage of the development of the e-commerce sector. There is a dearth of studies that could show how to strengthen cybersecurity measures within tax systems to safeguard against data breaches and fraud and ensure the integrity of tax revenue to protect consumers from the indirect costs of cybercrime-driven tax evasion. This research employed normative juridical and comparative approaches and a qualitative research design to gain a comprehensive understanding of e-commerce taxation issues. It examined current regulations and compliance challenges in electronic commerce taxation policies and focused on addressing security challenges in Indonesia's digital economy. The study revealed that electronic transactions are already defined under various laws of Indonesia namely Law Number 11 of 2008 concerning Electronic Information and Transactions (ITE Law) which regulated all kinds of acts using computers, computer networks, and/or other electronic media; Law Number 7 of 2014 concerning Trade defines which was a law to regulate a;; types of trading through Electronic Systems; and the Directorate General of Taxes Number SE-62/PJ/2013, regarding Affirmation of Tax Provisions on E-commerce Transactions for taxation purposes. The study enriches readers' understanding of legislative regulations and the effectiveness of e-commerce taxation in Indonesia. The study implies that Indonesia has a well-structured tax framework that has the potential to enhance both the capacity and adherence of e-commerce businesses to taxation standards."
Technology has inevitably evolved, driving significant human progress in every sphere of life. Amid this technological development, laws and regulations have been enacted to control offences relating to global advances in technology, including in Bangladesh. Bangladesh government has taken many initiatives to make the country digital. But in Bangladesh, the cyber-related laws are full of shortcomings and the customary laws are extremely outdated and most of the laws do not fit the era of ICT. Although Bangladesh government passed the ICT Act and the Digital Security Act to control cybercrime, the country's existing laws for fighting the menace are inadequate due to certain limitations. The article examines contemporary cyber legislation and legal issues in Bangladesh, together with the customary laws and existing policies, with a view to identifying their inadequacies and challenges. This article makes use of secondary data, i.e., books, journals, customary laws, acts etc.
The number of cybercrimes has grown considerably in recent years and now poses a serious threat for the national security of states, information systems and personal data of citizens. The reasons for this considerable increase in cybercrime are the change of global policy, the special military operation, and the restrictions connected with the COVID-19 pandemic. The authors examine the importance of using special knowledge and artificial intelligence (AI) in the investigation of cybercrimes. They research the concept of a cybercrime, and analyze the ideas of scholars on strengthening the counteraction to such criminal activities, which have been spreading rapidly in recent years. The authors conclude that cybercrimes are understood as socially dangerous unlawful behavior, carried out with the use of information technologies and inflicting considerable damage on the economic and reputational interests of people, organizations and the state. They present a classification of the most common types of cybercrimes and key methods of carrying them out. They also analyze the research discussion on the contents of special knowledge, which allows the authors to conclude that in modern legal conditions AI, being a new form of special knowledge, requires a new understanding in view of the use of this knowledge in criminal proceedings. Taking into consideration that this format includes machine self-learning, neural networks, evolutionary algorithms, etc., the authors attempt to outline how they can be used for solving complex criminalistic tasks that require a preliminary analysis of large volumes of forensically relevant information, identification of images and regularities, and argumentation of making organizational-procedural decisions. The authors examine the cyberspheres where special technical knowledge is used, such as cybersecurity, computer architecture, reverse engineering, digital forensics, system administration. AI has a tremendous potential for the modern criminal process, its use will make it possible to enhance the effectiveness of investigatory work as it will considerably improve the speed and effectiveness of procedural actions and pre-court proceedings for criminal cases in general. It is, however, necessary to take into account the existing risks and limitations connected with its use in court-investigative practice. The authors conclude that in order to ensure the adequate use of opportunities offered by AI in the criminal process, it is necessary to develop ethical and legal principles of its inclusion in the sphere of special knowledge used in criminal court proceedings for acquiring forensic evidence on criminal cases.
Bitcoin, created in 2008, has become the most widely accepted virtual currency in the world. Some believe that Bitcoin will play a significant role in both e-commerce and money transfers, whereas others believe that Bitcoin transactions are more likely to be used by criminals creating fraudulent investments and engaging in drug trafficking and money laundering. This study addresses (1) whether the traditional criminological concepts are applicable in explaining criminal activities in virtual space, (2) what factors contribute to Bitcoin-related offenses, and (3) what lessons could be learned from the current study of Bitcoin-related criminal cases.
When computer systems are increasingly important for our daily activities, cybercrime has created challenges for the criminal justice system. Data can be hidden in ADS (Alternate Data Stream) without hindering performance. This feature has been exploited by malware authors, criminals, terrorists, and intelligence agents to erase, tamper, or conceal secrets. However, ADS problems are much ignored in digital forensics. Rare researches illustrated the contact artifacts of ADS timestamps. This paper performs a sequence of experiments from an inherited variety and provides an in-depth overview of timestamp transfer on data hiding operations. It utilizes files or folders as original media and uses the timestamp rules as an investigative approach for the forensic exchange analysis of file sets. This paper also explores timestamp rules using case examples, which allow practical applications of crime scene reconstruction to real-world contexts. The experiment results demonstrate the effectiveness of temporal attributes, help digital forensic practitioners to uncover hidden relations, and trace the contact artifacts among crime scenes, victims, and suspects/criminals.
Advance fee and non-delivery frauds have become very common with the growing preference for online shopping and the new opportunities this brings for online offenders. This article uses unique access to a volunteer group's database focused on preventing pet scams to explore this type of crime. Distances, among other factors, make the purchase of pets online common in countries such as the USA, Australia and South Africa. This modality of purchase has been exploited by organized criminals largely based in Cameroon to conduct advance fee and non-delivery frauds. The article uses data from the volunteer group Petscams.com to provide unique insights on the techniques of the offenders with particular reference to the strategies used to maximize victimization by using real accounts of victims of such frauds. It also briefly notes how the COVID-19 crisis has been used to adapt this type of scam. The article's discussion identifies the need for a more nuanced assessment into the role of victim oriented voluntary organizations.
The Dark Web serves as a key venue for peddling illegal goods and services, from stolen possessions and drugs to illicit activities. The concurrent increase in Tor network usage and the development of cryptocurrency has led to the creation of major black market sites. One of the most popular illicit services offered on the Dark Web is hacking, which includes website/social media account hacking, Denial-of-service attacks, and custom malware. At the same time, the Dark Web community has formed its own justice system leveraging the layer of anonymity that exists between underground community users and the cybercrime ecosystem. Existing studies predominantly focus on the major drug market operating on the Dark Web, firearm sales, sexual exploitation, and money laundering. To address the gaps in the current research as well as the relative nascency of an underground justice system to monitor hacking services on the Dark Web, this study attempts to broadly capture the dynamic nature of hacking services, which requires continuous research to identify new trends and develop effective responses. The study aims to examine the characteristics and the operations of the hacking service market and the underground justice system on the Dark Web via an in-depth examination of Dark Web forums with a crime script analysis vis-a-vis thematic analysis. The study defines the crime script as that which includes pretrial, mid-trial, finalization, and exit stages. This research sheds light on Dark Web justice courts' procedures and the courts' implications for shaping the future of the Dark Web.
This analysis ruminates on the quintessential qualities that underpin the relationship between computers and crime by drawing from the foundational work of Shoshana Zuboff, a scholar whose work has to date been largely ignored in the study of crime. From this perspective, computers are best described as informating machines that require intellective skills in both licit and illicit forms of work. The first part of this analysis describes the role of such skills in the commission of computer-related crimes and considers factors that affect the degree to which such skills are necessary for perpetration. The second part considers how a Zuboffian approach can inform examinations of other subjects that have historically been considered important for criminological inquiries, including learning and subculture, the emotional experience of crime, and perceptions held by offenders and victims.
"Background: Sex-cybercrimes against children in the Philippines rose by over 400 % during the first year of the Covid-19 pandemic exponentially increasing challenges for carers of children, law enforcers, and prosecutors.Objective: Burnout, primary, and secondary traumatic stress are some of the potential mental health risks for child protection carers. How longevity of career is sustained, is unknown.Participants and setting: This idiographic study explored both positive and negative interpretations of frontline workers in the Philippines exposed to sex-cybercrimes against children.Methods: The protocols of Interpretative Phenomenological Analysis guided data collection through semi-structured interviews, transcription, and analysis.Results: One superordinate theme: Irreconcilable destruction of innocence, mercy and justice, and the passionate self; highlights the integral struggle that emerged from these participants' roles in child protection. Their faith philosophy of compassion and forgiveness contrasted with the unfathomable corruption and exploitation they witnessed, and their role in removing child victims from perpetrator family members to serve justice. These internal conflicts necessitated a critical need to self-care against psychological vulnerability. Longevity of career emerged from a coexistence of traumatic distress and psychological growth allowing them to redefine their faith and confront the unfathomable with hope, self-valuing, and purpose. Conclusions: Justice and mercy were juxtaposed integral conflicts threatening the psychological wellbeing of these participants. Ineffective organisational support aggravated their traumatic distress as did the lethargy with which world governments' engage in effective controls against online crimes of child sexual exploitation which has meteorically risen as a result of the global coronavirus pandemic."
In the arrest situation of the cybercrime in Japan. over half of crime is related to minors who is using network device. Therefore the actual situation of the applications and the services on the Internet that connect high school student to the cybercrime was investigated. And the environment of the cybercrime by minors was discussed.
"The main purpose of this study is to analyses the targeted cyber-attacks of Pakistani banks that happened or targeted in 2018 and the solution to control the crimes. The aim of the study is to obtain further information on the impact of cybercrime on the Pakistani banking sector. This study examines the important contribution that raising awareness of the security of information about the relationship between cybercrime and organised services can make. The impact of cybercrime on the Organization's activities will be examined by deepening the moderating effects of raising awareness of cyber security. Cybercrime has a undesirable impact on the organization's performance, but knowledge of cyber security weakens the negative impact of cybercrime on the organization's performance. This study focuses on the banking sector and therefore cannot be extended to other sectors. In addition, comprehensive relative studies in other areas with different cultural contexts will contribute to the validation of the research results. Awareness about the security of information weakens the negative effect of cybercrime on performance; therefore, it is important for banks, security, human resource supervisors, training to raise awareness of employees about cybercrime. Cyber-attacks, threats, vulnerabilities, Security attacks and challenges combination of these topics has led to a new study in the field of cybercrime. This study also improves the understanding of the role of employees in combating the effect of cybercrime on organizational performance."
In an exploratory quasi-experimental study, 138 students recruited during a university orientation week were exposed to social engineering directives in the form of fake emails, or phishing, over several months in 2017. The study assessed the risks of cybercrime for students by observing their responses. Three types of scam emails were distributed that varied in the degree of individualisation: generic, tailored, and targeted or 'spear'. The study explored the influence of scam type, cybercrime awareness, gender, IT competence and perceived internet safety on susceptibility to email scams. Although tailored and individually crafted email scams were more likely to induce engagement than generic scams, differences were not significant. Analysis of the variables showed that international students and first year students were deceived by significantly more scams than domestic students and later year students.
Despite recent growths in research exploring the nature and scope of the online illicit marketplace, there has been a dearth of criminological inquiry examining both the chronological and functional steps offenders use to exchange illegal firearms online. As a result, it is unclear what role and function active market participants have within the online illicit firearms market, including the process of advertising, purchasing, and delivering these weapons. The current study sought to address this gap in the literature through a crime script analysis of 19 vendors advertising weapons on the Dark Web. The step-by-step processes involved in the advertising, actualization, and acquisition of illicit firearms were examined in detail.
This research paper focuses on the sensitive issue of, misuse of an individual's photo via internet, where it's been shown that, how an individual's privacy can be on stake and can be a threat to his/her dignity in the society. Cybercrime today tops the chart, where social networking sites often become soft target and a pitcher of source of ideas for committing heinous acts of disgrace and harm to an individual's privacy, so as to lure out some profit, hidden behind such criminal minds. Our paper highlights this sensitive issue and with the example of Facebook (largest social networking site), we will try to share the different scenarios where an individual may face threat to his vulnerability and through our original proposed work, we will show how an anti-copier can prevent the copying of one's personal data by all the possible means from any website available on internet. The beginning of this paper, seeks with the discussion of present scenario of the Facebook where, whatever is presently available, and is in use on this social networking site, is discussed along with focussing on the main issue of copying one's personal photo without his/her consent, from Facebook and sharing it whenever and wherever one wants. Then, some addition of resulting outcomes, because of this photo copying lacuna, are elaborated with descriptive images at every instance where there requirement is demanded. Later on, all the possible ways and methods by which an individual's private data can be used and misused by offenders and criminal minds are highlighted. Further, in the final phase, we have put forward our approach where we have suggested several hypotheses by which the database like images, videos and text can be made more secured such that no intruder can misuse it by any possible means. Our research work, focus on the more security resolving techniques that can be applied over any community site available on internet that provides, a lot of vulnerability for the same concern. By, our proposed work we have shown that, how authenticity can be retained and personal data uploaded on these sites, can be made more confidential and personal.
The current study aimed to examine the harmonization of cybercrime in the Indonesian constitutional law by reviewing its status. The focus of this study was on different aspects of cybercrime in the constitutional law and to find out the extent to which harmonization of cybercrime has taken place. The study adopted sociological research approach along with the application of the theory of law enforcement. The legal aspects of law enforcement policies for cyber security and proving cybercrime were used to conduct the review and analysis. These legal aspects are firmly documented in various Indonesian regulations and laws, such as Indonesian Criminal Code, Act 11 of 2008, Act 19 of 2016, and the Constitutional Law code number 20/PUU-XIV/2016. The 2001 Convention on the cybercrime proposed by European Union had emphasized the harmonization of Indonesian cybercrime regulations with the international regulations and constitutional law. The policies of law enforcement that were to be harmonized and applied for cybercrime minimization involved both penal and non-penal approaches. Some of the policies were strictly specific to the public sector, or the private sector or the military so there is yet a significant requirement of further harmonization of the cybercrime, in the constitutional law while focusing on all of the sectors and bodies equally.
The topic is cybersecurity concerns in international business. The issue of cybersecurity and cybercrime is a complex one with several sources for cybercrime including activities by individual criminals, organized crime, and governments. The research question explored is, Can companies protect themselves given the rise in cybercrime? Research findings conclude that businesses need to increase their efforts and invest in technologies, staff, technical training, and processes and programs aimed at improving the use of risk-based assessments, defenses, intrusion and anomaly detection, and the business's ability to recover should a cybercrime take place.
This chapter explores the laws and unique challenges associated with the investigation and prosecution of cybercrime. Crimes that involve the misuse of computers (e.g., hacking, denial of service, and ransomware attacks) and criminal activity that uses computers to commit the act are both covered (e.g., fraud, theft, and money laundering). This chapter also describes the roles of the various federal agencies involved in investigating cybercrime, common cybercrime terms and trends, the statutes frequently used to prosecute cybercrimes, and the challenges and complexity of investigating cybercrime.
The paper shows that the intensification of digitalization processes in public relations generates a whole variety of new risks and threats. The purpose of this work is to systematize the risks and threats of the digital transformation of society for the subsequent development of advanced law-making decisions. To effectively counter digital threats and create effective legal regulation in the use of digital technologies, it is necessary to divide all digitalization threats into 3 groups: hypothetical, justifiable, and epistemological. The justifiable threats include those that appear at the present stage of technical development and urgently require legal solutions. According to the authors, it is on the study of this group of threats that scientists need to focus their attention in order to provide a practice-oriented approach to research. The authors identified three main subgroups of justifiable threats to digitalization: threats to economic security, information leaks, and cybercrime. This work was performed with financial support from the Grant of the President of the Russian Federation No. NSh-2668-2020.6 National-Cultural and Digital Trends in the Socio-Economic, Political and Legal Development of the Russian Federation in the 21st Century.
The current study examines identity fraud victimization within a college student sample. Concepts from the lifestyle-routine activity approach, specifically exposure and proximity to motivated offenders, as well as the personality trait of low self-control, are examined as potential explanations for identity fraud. The knock-on relationship between hacking and identity fraud is also of interest. Using data from a sample of college students at a Midwestern university in the U.S., and structural equation modeling techniques, the findings suggest that peer deviance, low self-control, and hacking victimization are directly related to identity fraud, whereas the relationship between personal deviance and identity fraud victimization operates indirectly through hacking. Overall, the results support lifestyle-routine activities and low self-control as theoretical explanations of identity fraud victimization.
"In this era of technological disruption, as city dwellers change into smart city inhabitants, the perception of information via digital channels is becoming more prevalent and used for decision-making and lifestyle choices. However, the perception of fake news or social media has resulted in poor decision-making and anxiety among smart city residents. Recognizing the importance of filtering false information for the smart city population, this research proposed a policy and platform for filtering false information to be presented to the citizens of Sisaket Smart City, Thailand; this was to ensure the efficient and secure use of large amounts of citizens' information, as well as information exchange between agencies. Additionally, the study was designed to kick-start the use of information in a smart city to make it more efficient and capable of filtering out material that could have harmful consequences or fake news. Recognizing its significance, the researchers proposed building regulations and platforms for detecting and filtering fake news in smart cities using artificial intelligence and blockchain technology. The findings indicated that urban inhabitants who moved into Thailand's smart cities, such as Sisaket, were highly receptive to the employment of rules and platforms to filter fake news."
Financial-economic cyber-enabled crime (hereinafter: financial cybercrime) has increased dramatically over the past years. However, research on financial cybercrime is still underdeveloped and highly heterogeneous, especially regarding the processes of initiation to and desistance from crime. This paper synthesizes existing knowledge on pathways into, desistance from, and risk factors related to financial cybercrime, and identifies research gaps. Adhering to PRISMA-ScR guidelines, we executed a systematic search and identified 37 eligible documents published as of February 2022, indicating two initiation points into financial cybercrime: involvement in traditional crime, and experiencing strain. Through social learning, individuals then learn the necessary skills and knowledge and engage in financial cybercrime, after which the decision to desist is influenced by a cost-benefit analysis, the use of neutralization techniques, and maturing. As for risk factors, we identified 33, with being male, unemployed, having low self-control and deviant peers, and wanting to earn money quickly being of potential importance. Regarding research gaps, there is a dearth of research related to the initiation and desistance processes of financial cybercrime, and the identified studies lacked a robust research designs, with 76 percent being of low or medium quality. More quality research is needed to address these issues.
"Current literature on online criminal and deviant groups recognises the role of online forums in the transfer of knowledge and socialisation of members, but current research lacks insight on the evolution and convergence of these groups. One area of concerns is how different aspects of these ideologies, most notably misogyny, anti-semitism and racism, are shared and developed between communities making up the manosphere and those dedicated to far-right themes. Current research has found overlaps in memberships across these two online groups, with growing evidence showing members' linkage to online harassment and offline violent incidents (Farrell et al., 2019; Regehr, 2022). To develop appropriate interventions to prevent such violent events, this research attempts to elucidate the different elements of the ideologies expressed in online communities known collectively as the manosphere, by analysing the Cambridge Cybercrime Centre's ExtremeBB dataset. This database includes approximately 46 million posts made by more than 315 thousand registered active members on 12 different online extremist forums promoting misogyny and far-right extremism. To understand the interaction between far-right extremism and misogyny, we perform a qualitative analysis of a selection of posts already categorised by topic. Preliminary analyses show support for the following aspects: (a) similarities in radicalisation mechanisms, and (b) overlaps in the discourse on race and gender. These similarities provide potential gateways for previously isolated members to venture beyond their current association, suggesting the further adoption of extreme ideologies. Such a process, known as radicalisation, is highly correlated with extremism and terrorism (Borum, 2011; McCauley & Moskalenko, 2008). Findings from this research will allow for more precise interventions."
Background: Digital forms of direct-to-consumer pharmaceutical marketing (eDTCA) have globalized in an era of free and open information exchange. Yet, the unregulated expansion of eDTCA has resulted in unaddressed global public health threats. Specifically, illicit online pharmacies are engaged in the sale of purportedly safe, legitimate product that may in fact be counterfeit or substandard. These cybercriminal actors exploit available eDTCA mediums over the Internet to market their suspect products globally. Despite these risks, a detailed assessment of the public health, patient safety, and cybersecurity threats and governance mechanisms to address them has not been conducted. Discussion: Illicit online pharmacies represent a significant global public health and patient safety risk. Existing governance mechanisms are insufficient and include lack of adequate adoption in national regulation, ineffective voluntary governance mechanisms, and uneven global law enforcement efforts that have allowed proliferation of these cybercriminals on the web. In order to effectively address this multistakeholder threat, inclusive global governance strategies that engage the information technology, law enforcement and public health sectors should be established. Summary: Effective global eHealth Governance focused on cybercrime is needed in order to effectively combat illicit online pharmacies. This includes building upon existing Internet governance structures and coordinating partnership between the UN Office of Drugs and Crime that leads the global fight against transnational organized crime and the Internet Governance Forum that is shaping the future of Internet governance. Through a UNODC-IGF governance mechanism, investigation, detection and coordination of activities against illicit online pharmacies and their misuse of eDTCA can commence.
"Development of information and communications technologies have greatly affected the way societies, economies and people operate. Worldwide internet usage has increased from 1.7 billion users in 2009 to more than 4.1 billion users in July 2019. The internet and ICT-s have provided opportunities and benefits to governments, businesses and people. On the other hand, it has also made everyone vulnerable to those who wish to attack them. Lone criminals and criminal organisations worldwide have access to powerful capabilities, which they use to identify and target their victims and commit cybercrimes. The reasons for this vulnerability are two-fold: first, governments, societies and businesses are ever more dependent on cyberspace; and second, our understanding of cybercrime remains limited. Cybercrime is a relatively young area of academic research, which has risen both theoretical and practical interest. Yet very few published studies have researched cybercrime as a process, which includes both technical and non-technical aspects. Cyber criminals are increasingly using new technologies, but also developing novel techniques, procedures and business models for their criminal purposes. This paper proposes a process model for financially motivated cybercrime, a practical tool which can be used by various stakeholders in the cybercrime investigation and prevention process; one which is explanatory and has flexibility. The model developed provides a step-by-step account of actions taken by the criminals throughout the crime. It is not intended to be a rigid or linear model but a flexible tool to understand the key steps within a cybercrime process, allowing us to identify major decision points the criminals pass through. By modelling and understanding cyber criminal processes, better oversight on investigations, countermeasures and disruption techniques can be formulated. This has the potential to overcome the challenges in understanding cybercrime across various players involved in the cybercrime investigation process. The aim is to allow those investigating cybercrimes or developing countermeasures to quickly apply new crimes to the model and focus on the specific known (or unknown) decision points in order to conduct their work more effectively."
In light of the differences between traditional forms of victimization and cybercrime victimization, this study examined whether the expansion of self-control theory to the field of victimization could help explain cybercrime victimization as well. This study found that self-control had a weak relationship with multiple forms of cybercrime victimization, but it did not have a direct effect on victimization after controlling for offending measures. Considering that this was incongruent with previous victimization research, these findings raise theoretical and empirical questions for the entire field of victimization regarding the importance of self-control when controlling for relevant peer offending. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Children who use their free time with phones and computers online, interact with the digital environment on a daily basis, where they will often make social contacts with their friends as well as exchange photos and videos with them. However, children often make contact incautiously with new people online and may risk falling victim to sexual harassment or sexual abuse via sexually charged messages, requests to send nude photos or other Child Abuse Materials (CAM). Most of these cases are unreported crimes. Victims do not always understand that they could be victims. Sexual abuse of children endangers children's psychological, physical and social health, and is against the interests of the child and their human rights. The European Commission's Internal Security Fund Police (ISFP) aims to fund projects on fighting cybercrime and child sexual abuse including digital investigations. This paper provides background information for an innovation project intended to get funding from the ISFP. The case study composes up-to-date pictures of sexual abuse of children online in Finland by applying (1) observations of national police officers who have worked with CAM investigations as a tactical, technical or lead investigator to get unwritten knowledge of the challenge of investigations in the future, and (2) earlier research in Finland. Finnish Child Victim Surveys from past years provide a nationally representative sample of the experiences of children between 12 and 15 years of age where online grooming and sexual abuse is reported. In spring 2021, Save the Children Finland published 11-17-year-old children's experiences of and thoughts on online grooming, and its results show grooming to be a common phenomenon and that a portion of children reported contact being made sexual from its very beginning. This case study combines qualitative and quantitative methods for achieving different aspects and paradigms over the CAM investigations in Finland and are now up to date and would describe how crime investigators have to observe CAM crimes in crime investigations and how cases would be investigated effectively and reliably in a timely fashion and without unnecessary mental workload.
Particularly in the last decade, Internet usage has been growing rapidly. However, as the Internet becomes a part of the day to day activities, cybercrime is also on the rise. Cybercrime will cost nearly $6 trillion per annum by 2021 as per the cybersecurity ventures report in 2020. For illegal activities, cybercriminals utilize any network computing devices as a primary means of communication with a victims' devices, so attackers get profit in terms of finance, publicity and others by exploiting the vulnerabilities over the system. Cybercrimes are steadily increasing daily. Evaluating cybercrime attacks and providing protective measures by manual methods using existing technical approaches and also investigations has often failed to control cybercrime attacks. Existing literature in the area of cybercrime offenses suffers from a lack of a computation methods to predict cybercrime, especially on unstructured data. Therefore, this study proposes a flexible computational tool using machine learning techniques to analyze cybercrimes rate at a state wise in a country that helps to classify cybercrimes. Security analytics with the association of data analytic approaches help us for analyzing and classifying offenses from India-based integrated data that may be either structured or unstructured. The main strength of this work is testing analysis reports, which classify the offenses accurately with 99 percent accuracy.
Digital forensic investigation is a complex and time-consuming activity in response to a cybersecurity incident or cybercrime to answer questions related to it. These typically are what happened, when, where, how, and who is responsible. However, answering them is often very laborious and sometimes outright impossible due to a lack of useable data. The forensic-ready software systems are designed to produce valuable on-point data for use in the investigation with potentially high evidence value. Still, the particular ways to develop these systems are currently not explored. This paper proposes consideration of forensic readiness within security risk management to refine specific requirements on forensic-ready software systems. The idea is to re-evaluate the taken security risk decisions with the aim to provide trustable data when the security measures fail. Additionally, it also considers possible disputes, which the digital evidence can solve. Our proposed approach, risk-oriented forensic-ready design, composes of two parts: (1) process guiding the identification of the requirements in the form of potential evidence sources, and (2) supporting BPMN notation capturing the potential evidence sources and their relationship. Together they are aimed to provide a high-level overview of the forensic-ready requirements within the system. Finally, the approach is demonstrated on an automated valet parking scenario, followed by a discussion regarding its impact and usefulness within the forensic readiness effort.
This study looks at the experiences of organizations that have fallen victim to ransomware attacks. Using quantitative and qualitative data of 55 ransomware cases drawn from 50 organizations in the UK and North America, we assessed the severity of the crypto-ransomware attacks experienced and looked at various factors to test if they had an influence on the degree of severity. An organization's size was found to have no effect on the degree of severity of the attack, but the sector was found to be relevant, with private sector organizations feeling the pain much more severely than those in the public sector. Moreover, an organization's security posture influences the degree of severity of a ransomware attack. We did not find that the attack target (i.e. human or machine) or the crypto-ransomware propagation class had any significant bearing on the severity of the outcome, but attacks that were purposefully directed at specific victims wreaked more damage than opportunistic ones.
"eWhoring is the term used by offenders to refer to a type of online fraud in which cybersexual encounters are simulated for financial gain. Perpetrators use social engineering techniques to impersonate young women in online communities, e.g., chat or social networking sites. They engage potential customers in conversation with the aim of selling misleading sexual material - mostly photographs and interactive video shows - illicitly compiled from third-party sites. eWhoring is a popular topic in underground communities, with forums acting as a gateway into offending. Users not only share knowledge and tutorials, but also trade in goods and services, such as packs of images and videos. In this paper, we present a processing pipeline to quantitatively analyse various aspects of eWhoring. Our pipeline integrates multiple tools to crawl, annotate, and classify material in a semi-automatic way. It builds in precautions to safeguard against significant ethical issues, such as avoiding the researchers' exposure to pornographic material, and legal concerns, which were justified as some of the images were classified as child exploitation material. We use it to perform a longitudinal measurement of eWhoring activities in 10 specialised underground forums from 2008 to 2019. Our study focuses on three of the main eWhoring components: (i) the acquisition and provenance of images; (ii) the financial profits and monetisation techniques; and (iii) a social network analysis of the offenders, including their relationships, interests, and pathways before and after engaging in this fraudulent activity. We provide recommendations, including potential intervention approaches."
Source camera identification (SCI) is a forensic problem of mapping an image back to its source, often in relation to cybercrime. In this digital era, this problem needs to be addressed with the utmost care as a falsely identified source might implicate an innocent person. A very practical problem in this study is the presence of unknown models in the set of cameras under question. In other words, the images under question might not have originated from any of the camera models that are accessible to the forensic analyst, but from a different inaccessible source. Under such a circumstance, the conventional source detection techniques fail to identify the correct source, and falsely map the image to one of the accessible camera models. To address this problem, here the authors propose an (N + K) SCI scheme which is capable of identifying N known (accessible) as well as K unknown (inaccessible) camera models. The authors' experimental results prove that the proposed scheme efficiently separates the known and unknown models, and helps to achieve considerably high source identification accuracy as compared to the state-of-the-art.
Cybercrimes can cause various kinds of harm to those affected. This paper focuses on how cybercrimes impact undergraduate students, a group particularly vulnerable to cybercrimes due to their extensive use of technology and their recently gained financial responsibility and social independence. We present a mixed methods study to understand students' knowledge, perceptions, and behaviors regarding cybercrimes. 10 semi-structured interviews provided the groundwork for a theoretical model, which was subsequently tested on a sample of 222 survey responses. We found that roughly half of the undergraduate students in our studies have experienced one or more cybercrimes while in college, with malware, hacking, and phishing being the most prominently experienced cybercrimes. Furthermore, we found that students acquire their knowledge of cybercrimes predominantly through people they personally know who have been victimized by a cybercrime and the media. Our model shows how students' knowledge of cybercrimes and their self-control in using the Internet influences their perceived cybercrime self-efficacy and their fear of cybercrimes. Self-efficacy and fear, in turn, influence their tendency to take preventative measures to avoid enabling behaviors and to report cybercrimes to the appropriate entities. We also find that despite the reported importance of adequate cybercrime reporting and access to comprehensive cybercrime statistics, the majority of students do not know how to officially report a cybercrime.
Cybercrime is a kind of criminal activity generally committed by cybercriminals or hackers. Crime activities are growing explosively all over the world which motivates the law enforcement agencies for systematic analysis of crimes. In many cases, crime information is stored as online text reports in an unstructured way and one report describes several different criminal activities. Analysis of these crime reports for identifying patterns and trends in crime and devising solutions to crime detection and prevention strategies are very challenging tasks. In this paper, the crime reports are preprocessed and relations among named entity pairs are extracted to give the structured form to the reports. Each extracted relation is converted to an n-dimensional real-valued vector based on the concept of Word2Vec model of Natural Language Processing. Then a novel agglomerative graph partitioning algorithm using various graph centrality measures is applied to partition the extracted relations. All the extracted relations of a report which are in a single partition are replaced by the representative of that partition and thus each report is described by a set of distinct types of relations. Next, a graph for the set of reports is constructed in such a way that nodes are corresponding to the tuple of relations that describes the reports, and an edge between a pair of nodes is drawn only if the corresponding pair of relations are of a similar type of two different reports. The constructed graph is a disconnected graph with each connected component is a clique. These cliques are easily identified in linear time of the number of edges in the graph and each clique provides a cluster of reports. As each report is described by a set of relations of different types, so obtained clusters are overlapping clusters. The degree of membership of a report in a cluster is also identified in the paper. The proposed method is experimented, and compared with some state-of-the-art partition-based and overlapping clustering algorithms to demonstrate its effectiveness in the domain of crime corpora. (C) 2021 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
This paper describes an emerging sub-discipline of digital forensics covering financial technologies, or Fintech. The digital transformation of society is introducing new Fintech for payments, funds transfer, and other financial transactions. Criminals are using and abusing financial technologies for fraud, extortion, money laundering, and financing activity in the criminal underground. The investigation of Fintech and digital payment activity needs to be recognized as a new technical sub-discipline of the digital forensics landscape. The digital forensics community is well positioned to provide research for practitioners to enhance investigations involving Fintech and technical financial activity. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
It is our great pleasure to welcome you to the virtual workshops associated with the 12th ACM Conference on Web Science (Web-Sci'20). This year, the conference theme is Making theWeb Human-Centric? NewDirections in theWeb and AI. As theworkshop chairs, we selected workshops that exemplify this theme to complement the conference contributions. The theme of making the Web more human-centric is especially fitting this year as the workshops are held in the worldwide COVID-19 pandemic backdrop making the Web an ever more human-centric medium for work, play, communication, and many other societal necessities. Furthermore, the COVID-19 pandemic and the racial injustice riots that erupted in some parts of the world have forcedWeb Scientists to examine new directions for the Web and AI. These workshops span topics ranging from inequality, AI on the Web for social good, personalisation and community, explanations for AI, cybercrime and cybersecurity, data immortality, and evolutionary thinking for the Web.
Studying cybercrime investigation and evidence collection has important practical significance for improving the detection rate of network cases and curbing cybercrime. The article expounds the objectives, basic processes and key technologies of electronic forensics. Through a real case, it analyzes the principles and conditions of remote access to the records in the database, and proposes a method for remotely obtaining data to verify the electronic forensics technology in the case of cyber pornography. The actual forensics process. Finally, the countermeasures and suggestions for the investigation and evidence collection of cybercrime cases are put forward.
As far as malware-related crimes are concerned, extra territorial jurisdiction and the law of extradition need one another to work perfectly, but there has never been a standard universal rule governing them. While Universality Principle can be argued to be the most ideal solution to the problem, it is opposed by the supporters of the notion of self-regulation of the internet, not to mention it lacks the required universal support. Thus the determination of the issues has to be based on the analysis of existing measures of practical applications. (C) 2012 Ftizal Rahman. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
This paper focuses on privacy and security concerns in Big Data. This paper also covers the encryption techniques by taking existing methods such as differential privacy, k-anonymity, T-closeness, and L-diversity. Several privacy-preserving techniques have been created to safeguard privacy at various phases of a large data life cycle. The purpose of this work is to offer a comprehensive analysis of the privacy preservation techniques in Big Data, as well as to explain the problems for existing systems. The advanced repository search option was utilized for the search of the following keywords in the search: Cyber security OR Cybercrime) AND ((privacy prevention) OR (Big Data applications)). During Internet research, many search engines and digital libraries were utilized to obtain information. The obtained findings were carefully gathered out of which 103 papers from 2,099 were found to gain the best information sources to address the provided study subjects. Hence a systemic review of 32 papers from 103 found in major databases (IEEExplore, SAGE, Science Direct, Springer, and MDPIs) were carried out, showing that the majority of them focus on the privacy prediction of Big Data applications with a contents-based approach and the hybrid, which address the major security challenge and violation of Big Data. We end with a few recommendations for improving the efficiency of Big Data projects and provide secure possible techniques and proposed solutions and model that minimizes privacy violations, showing four different types of data protection violations and the involvement of different entities in reducing their impacts.
Cybersecurity has become a significant focal point for law enforcement, businesses, and consumers with the significant advancements made in cyber technologies, cyber use, and cybercrimes, [16]. Organized cybercrime includes activities such as skimming, botnets, provision of child pornography and advance fee fraud. Unorganized cybercrime could be simple fraud, downloading child pornography, trolling or uttering threats. Both organized and unorganized activities have grown more prevalent in today's digital landscape. The media sensationalize breaches, such as the hacking of HBO's Game of Thrones episodes and the Equifax data breach. These incidents get much fanfare shifting focus to law enforcement agencies their plans to address the crimes. We need to know more about the effectiveness of measures against cybercrime and the cooperation between nations against cybercrime. This manuscript examines this issue by exploring how transnational cooperation succeeded in the apprehension of wanted individuals in Operation Avalanche.
In the digital age, cybercrime is spreading its root widely. Internet evolution has turned out to a boon as well as curse for those confronting the issues of privacy, national security, social decency, IP rights, child protection, fighting, detecting, and prosecuting cybercrime. Hence, there arises a need to detect the cybercriminal. Cybercrime identification utilizes dataset that is taken from CBS open dataset. For identifying the cybercriminal, support vector machine (SVM) in the C SVM classification and K-nearest neighbor (KNN) models is utilized for determining the cybercrime information. The evaluation of the performance is done taking the following metrics into consideration: true positive, false positive, true negative and false negative, false alarm rate, detection rate, accuracy, recall, precision, specificity, sensitivity, classification rate, and Fowlkes-Mallows Scores. Expectation maximization (EM) calculation is utilized for evaluating the presentation of the Gaussian mixture model. The performance of classifier's presentation is also done. Accuracy is accomplished in the event of grouping by means of SVM classifier as 89% in the supervised method.
Background: The coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic is perhaps the greatest global health challenge of the last century. Accompanying this pandemic is a parallel infodemic, including the online marketing and sale of unapproved, illegal, and counterfeit COVID-19 health products including testing kits, treatments, and other questionable cures. Enabling the proliferation of this content is the growing ubiquity of internet-based technologies, including popular social media platforms that now have billions of global users. Objective: This study aims to collect, analyze, identify, and enable reporting of suspected fake, counterfeit, and unapproved COVID-19-related health care products from Twitter and Instagram. Methods: This study is conducted in two phases beginning with the collection of COVID-19-related Twitter and Instagram posts using a combination of web scraping on Instagram and filtering the public streaming Twitter application programming interface for keywords associated with suspect marketing and sale of COVID-19 products. The second phase involved data analysis using natural language processing (NLP) and deep learning to identify potential sellers that were then manually annotated for characteristics of interest. We also visualized illegal selling posts on a customized data dashboard to enable public health intelligence. Results: We collected a total of 6,029,323 tweets and 204,597 Instagram posts filtered for terms associated with suspect marketing and sale of COVID-19 health products from March to April for Twitter and February to May for Instagram. After applying our NLP and deep learning approaches, we identified 1271 tweets and 596 Instagram posts associated with questionable sales of COVID-19-related products. Generally, product introduction came in two waves, with the first consisting of questionable immunity-boosting treatments and a second involving suspect testing kits. We also detected a low volume of pharmaceuticals that have not been approved for COVID-19 treatment. Other major themes detected included products offered in different languages, various claims of product credibility, completely unsubstantiated products, unapproved testing modalities, and different payment and seller contact methods. Conclusions: Results from this study provide initial insight into one front of the infodemic fight against COVID-19 by characterizing what types of health products, selling claims, and types of sellers were active on two popular social media platforms at earlier stages of the pandemic. This cybercrime challenge is likely to continue as the pandemic progresses and more people seek access to COVID-19 testing and treatment. This data intelligence can help public health agencies, regulatory authorities, legitimate manufacturers, and technology platforms better remove and prevent this content from harming the public.
Based on the results of two research projects from the Netherlands, this paper explores how street-oriented persons adapt and use digital technologies by focussing on the changing commission of instrumental, economically motivated, street crime. Our findings show how social media are used by street offenders to facilitate or improve parts of the crime script of already existing criminal activities but also how street offenders are engaging in criminal activities not typically associated with the street, like phishing and fraud. Taken together, this paper documents how technology has permeated street life and contributed to the 'hybridization' of street offending in the Netherlands-i.e. offending that takes place in person and online, often at the same time.
Prior research suggests lifestyle routine activities theory (LRAT) applies to online environments, however, the use of cross-sectional designs may limit the ability to determine whether LRAT behaviors influence online victimization, or if it is victimization that influences the use of LRAT behaviors. The current study used nationally representative panel data from The Netherlands to analyze the relationship between guardianship, exposure, and target attractiveness on hacking and malware victimization, controlling for relevant factors. Using path modeling, two prominent findings emerged. First, of the three LRAT factors, only exposure predicted greater likelihood of cybercrime victimization at a later time. Second, previous cybercrime victimization predicted increases in guardianship and exposure behaviors at a later time. Overall, these findings suggest that cybercrime victimization plays a greater role in changing LRAT behaviors, than LRAT behaviors do in explaining victimization.
This study applies routine activities theory to determine whether the characteristics of jihadi-inspired web defacements in the United States vary from all other defacements performed against IP addresses hosted within the United States from 2012 to 2016. We focus on target suitability variables and use a sample of over 2.2 million defacements reported by the independent website Zone-H. We estimated a binary logistic regression model and found that jihadi cyberattacks were rare among all the defacements performed in this 5-year period. Additionally, these findings demonstrated jihadists were more likely to target organizational websites and utilized specific attack methods compared to all other defacers. We contextualize our findings and outline a number of avenues for future research.
The BitTorrent client application is a popular utility for sharing large files over the Internet. Sometimes, this powerful utility is used to commit cybercrimes, like sharing of illegal material or illegal sharing of legal material. In order to help forensics investigators to fight against these cybercrimes, we carried out an investigation of the artifacts left by the BitTorrent client. We proposed a methodology to locate the artifacts that indicate the BitTorrent client activity performed. Additionally, we designed and implemented a tool that searches for the evidence left by the BitTorrent client application in a local computer running Windows. The tool looks for the four files holding the evidence. The files are as follows: *.torrent, dht.dat, resume.dat, and settings.dat. The tool decodes the files, extracts important information for the forensic investigator and converts it into XML format. The results are combined into a single result file.
Information technology is rapidly increasing and evolving all the time in pursuit for better solutions and products for the digitized world. Technology advancement and greater connectivity has moved organizations to better economic markets for sustainability. Together with better technology and greater connectivity, cybercrime is swiftly growing on par with these developments. This chapter focuses on the cyber security landscape and threats faced by organizations. The growth and sophistication of cybercrime is stressed. Cyber security creative approaches security risk assessment, cloud collaboration and data analytics are provided. This chapter ends with propositions that security creative approaches should be used as a method of managing cybercrime and ensuring that the organization's sustainability and governance are improved.
With increasing development and digitalization in India there is an increase in the cybercrime rate. The problem of phishing of websites, hacking and malware leads to distortion and leakage of important information. There are many incidents which throw light on deteriorating condition of India in terms of cyber world. This paper highlights the spreading, building and working of malware, E-system attacks, website phishing, Cyber bullying etc. The detailed discussion on the various cybercrime incidents has led to a conclusion and generation of technologies such as Honeypots and some preventive measures to avoid cybercrime. Global development and digitalization has led to the services and people to become digitally connected by Internet of things in all sectors of society. Banking is now an online process involving funds transaction and marketing. Business involves cloud computing which is also targeted by various risks such as accountability and data ownership. In the end, the paper concludes about the horrifying condition of India and predicts the future of cyber security in India.
Communication technology and devices are timely changing and increasing various levels and different operating systems in all over the world. As the threats of cyberspace continue to become more hyperconnected it will be imperative that cybercrime has become a reality in the developing countries. Nowadays, our country is just developing country and most of people aren't friendly to use the modern communications system and digital devices. The purpose of this paper is to present the importance for the study of offensive and forensic investigation on cyber space facing against cybercrime using HACKFOSICS forensics tool. There is a need for forensic examiners to investigate the locating and documenting the remnant data on various digital devices to trace the criminal offensive activities. We proposed forensics framework, process flow and (HACKFOSICS) tool for cybercrime forensics investigation.
"Cryptomarkets are increasingly requiring users to purchase products with Monero (a 'privacy coin') to further obfuscate the digital trail of money compared to conventional cryptocurrencies (e.g. Bitcoin). This is the first study to explore how cryptomarket communities are used to facilitate norms and behaviours to expedite these emerging cryptocurrency practices. Through a qualitative analysis of Monero threads in a Reddit cryptomarket community (3451 total posts), this research illustrates how online communities often underpin the adoption of new technologies in cryptomarkets. The findings reveal: how the online community functions, adapts, and fails to support cryptocurrency transitions; the appraisal and contestation of cryptocurrency risks; and the ideological drivers and symbolic resources used to align community practices to adopt Monero. This research contributes to an understanding of the processes that underpin the constant evolution of online illicit markets as human and non-human elements are constantly re-assembled."
"The training programs in digital forensics have contributed many case study models to guide digital forensic analyses. However, they only account for a small number of real cases and they are usually too abstract while actual cybercrime investigations are more diverse and complex. This gap leads to difficulties in giving immediate and straightforward actions for law enforcement during cybercrime investigations. In this paper, we propose an ontology-based knowledge map model, which is a foundation model for building a case study management system for Digital Forensic Intelligence (DFINT) and Open Source Intelligence (OSINT) in digital forensics. The main idea of this proposed model is to encode specific training cases of cybercrime into knowledge map representations, then the system uses the knowledge from the ontology to provide more information on the context and enrich them to match actual cybercrime scenes. Therefore, this approach can be used to bridge the gap between training case studies and the actual investigation environment. To illustrate our approach, we build a DFOSINT ontology for DFINT and OSINT domain; develop a prototype of the case study management system, and evaluate it in two aspects, ontology validation and case study validation with existing case studies of digital investigations."
While cyberattacks are a persistent problem, particularly web defacements, it is unclear what factors differentiate the likelihood of these attacks based on the type of institution that could be targeted. Military and government entities are high-visibility targets for some attackers, though it is unclear whether they are more likely to be defaced on the basis of their operational characteristics or the motives of the attacker. The same is true for educational institutions, which are frequently targeted by ideologically motivated hackers and others seeking to abuse their IT infrastructure. The current study attempted to address this gap in the literature through the application of routine activities theory to identify the factors significantly associated with web defacements against military, government, and educational web domains. Using a sample of 2.2 million web defacements, we examined the perceived value, inertia, visibility, and accessibility of the targets and the attack methods employed in each defacement. The implications of this analysis for our understanding of cyberattacks against high-visibility institutions are discussed in detail.
"Analysing large amounts of data goes to the heart of the challenges confronting intelligence and law enforcement professionals today. Increasingly, this involves Internet data that are 'open source' or 'publicly available'. Projects such as the European FP7 VIRTUOSO are developing platforms for open-source intelligence by law enforcement and public security, which open up opportunities for large-scale, automated data gathering and analysis. However, the mere fact that data are publicly available does not imply an absence of restrictions to researching them. This paper investigates one area of legal constraints, namely criminal-procedure law in relation to open-source data gathering by the police. What is the legal basis for this activity? And under what conditions can domestic and foreign open sources be investigated? These questions are addressed from the perspectives of European and Dutch law. First, the international legal context for gathering data from openly accessible and semi-open sources is analysed, including the issue of cross-border gathering of data. In particular, article 32 of the Cybercrime Convention and some national implementations are discussed, as well as data protection requirements from European Union law. Next, the paper zooms in on the Dutch legal context for open-source investigations, to illustrate how the issues of a legal basis and other legal requirements are addressed in a specific legal framework. The paper draws the conclusion that technology-facilitated investigations of open sources by the police often constitute an interference with the right to privacy; hence, they require a legal, statutory basis that is sufficiently clear for citizens to understand what the police are doing. Moreover, open-source investigation tools and practices used must meet general data-protection requirements and forensic reliability standards. The discussion also shows that interpreting existing legal provisions to accommodate open-source investigation tools can lead to convoluted interpretations, suggesting that legal frameworks of investigation powers with a focus on physical-space investigations may need to be revised to accommodate the particularities of open-source Internet investigations. (C) 2013 Prof. dr. Bert-jaap Koops. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"Web defacement is a form of hacking that involves altering the content of a website, resulting in repairs to the website code, loss of revenue, internal loss of productivity, and reputational damage. Limited research has examined the frequency of web defacements, the factors that distinguish them from other hacking motives, and the extent to which the correlates mirror research on physical acts of ideologically-motivated crime. The current study examined over 2.4 million web defacements hosted in the U.S. from 2012 to 2016 to assess aspects of routine activities theory associated with target selection and attack methods among ideologically-motivated defacements. A binary logistic regression analysis revealed that ideologically-motivated defacers were more likely to use unknown vulnerabilities; engage in repeated attacks; target top-level domains linked to foreign nations; domains ending in.edu; and homepages within websites. The findings of this study suggest that the target selection process of ideologically-motivated defacers are more purposive and designed to draw attention to their cause, resembling target preferences of individuals who engage in physical violence in support of an ideological agenda."
"The article aims to characterize the forensic features of the initial stage of investigating fraud with financial resources in cyberspace, its significance, analysis, and justification as a type of cybercrime that is dangerous for everyone, and prove the need for urgent measures to prevent and combat such criminal offenses. The authors used several methods of scientific cognition: logical-semantic, system-structural, analytical, formal-legal, forecasting, dialectical, interpretation, and hermeneutics. The article focuses on the general provisions of the forensic characteristics of Internet fraud with financial resources; analysis of the information model of the mechanism of committing fraud with financial resources in the field of computer information; coverage of the tactical features of individual investigative actions at the initial stage of the investigation of fraud with financial resources in cyberspace. It was concluded that the effectiveness of combating Internet fraud and the level of cybersecurity in Ukraine is very low. Therefore, the investigation of fraud with financial resources in cyberspace requires in-depth specific knowledge from the subjects of the investigation."
"The use of information and communication technologies in business has opened several new ways for employees to commit cybercrimes against their employers. Utilizing opportunity theory, the current paper investigates the characteristics of businesses victimized by employee-committed cyberattacks and compares insider- and outsider-committed cybercrime in terms of the damage they cause to the business. We used online sampling to obtain information on 350 businesses in the Commonwealth of Virginia, revealing 29 outsider cases and 17 insider attacks that were clearly identified. We found that insider attacks were more costly, resulting in more damage than external attacks; the most frequent attack type was impersonating the organization online for insiders, and viruses, spyware, and malware for outsiders. Our data suggested restricting personal devices, making cybersecurity a priority, cybersecurity updates among management, and employee training do not significantly lessen the risk or mitigate the effects of insider attacks. We suggest that organizational security culture must be refined and strengthened to identify and prevent insider attacks successfully."
The popularity of Peer-to-Peer (P2P) Internet communication technologies being exploited to aid cybercrime is ever increasing. P2P systems can be used or exploited to aid in the execution of a large number of online criminal activities, e.g., copyright infringement, fraud, malware and virus distribution, botnet creation, and control. P2P technology is perhaps most famous for the unauthorised distribution of copyrighted materials since the late 1990's, with the popularity of file-sharing programs such as Napster. In 2004, P2P traffic accounted for 80% of all Internet traffic and in 2005, specifically BitTorrent traffic accounted for over 60% of the world's P2P bandwidth usage. This paper outlines a methodology for investigating a documented P2P network, BitTorrent, using a sample investigation for reference throughout. The sample investigation outlined was conducted on the top 100 most popular BitTorrent swarms over the course of a one week period.
Our lives totally depend on computers and mobile devices. Nowadays, we see a massive development in the digital world that makes it easy to stay in touch with friends and family and even work remotely. The growth led to losses and distress caused by cyber-attacks, which attempt to harm by unauthorized access. Cybersecurity is a major issue in our digital world, while cybercrime is increasing. The banking and finance sectors have started to rely on biometric security systems for their apps and services. Biometric identification uses unique human characteristics to authenticate a person's identity, such as voice/speech recognition, fingerprint recognition, facial recognition, iris recognition, signature dynamics, etc. Biometric technology is used in banking, e-commerce, account login, access control, etc, which can be considered a valuable measure against cybercrime. Biometrics is a key to the future of cybersecurity and safeguards against cybercrime.
"Cybercrime has become a major societal concern, and a better understanding OF cybercrime is needed to target and prevent it more effectively, minimize its consequences, and provide support for victims. Research on cybercrime victimization has exploded in the past few years, but much of it relies on convenience samples and is largely descriptive in nature. The research presented here involves the collection of data from a large sample of Virginia households in 2022 (n = 1,206). The data are analyzed to provide a partial test of routine activity theory to better understand fraud and theft via the Internet. The data provide a solid baseline for describing the extent of cyber victimization across the state. Bivariate and multivariate analyses (logistic regressions) show support for routine activity theory and provide important insights for future research. In particular, we find that certain routine Internet activities may better predict unique forms of cybervictimization than others and that length of time on the Internet is not a good indicator of exposure to motivated offenders. Further, protective guardianship mediates the effects of exposure to motivated offenders; thus, efforts to educate the public on best practices are needed. We conclude that to better assess cybercrime, victimization and engagement, better measurement and longitudinal panel data will be needed."
Forensic skills analysts play an imperative support to practice streaming data generated from the IoT networks. However, these sources pose size limitations that create traffic and increase big data assessment. The obtainable solutions have utilized cybercrime detection techniques based on regular pattern deviation. Here, a generalized model is devised considering the MapReduce as a backbone for detecting the cybercrime. The objective of this model is to present an automatic model, which using the misbehavior in IoT device can be manifested, and as a result the attacks exploiting the susceptibility can be exposed by newly devised automatic model. The simulation of IoT is done such that energy constraints are considered as basic part. The routing is done with fractional gravitational search algorithm to transmit the information amongst the nodes. Apart from this, the MapReduce is adapted for cybercrime detection and is done at base station (BS) considering deep neuro fuzzy network (DNFN) for identifying the malwares.
This article investigates phishing victims, especially the increased or decreased risk of victimization, using data from a cybercrime victim survey in the Netherlands (n = 10,316). Routine activity theory provides the theoretical perspective. According to routine activity theory, several factors influence the risk of victimization. A multivariate analysis was conducted to assess which factors actually lead to increased risk of victimization. The model included background and financial data of victims, their Internet activities, and the degree to which they were digitally accessible'' to an offender. The analysis showed that personal background and financial characteristics play no role in phishing victimization. Among eight Internet activities, only targeted browsing led to increased risk. As for accessibility, using popular operating systems and web browsers does not lead to greater risk, while having up-to-date antivirus software as a technically capable guardian has no effect. The analysis showed no one, clearly defined group has an increased chance of becoming a victim. Target hardening may help, but opportunities for prevention campaigns aimed at a specific target group or dangerous online activities are limited. Therefore, situational crime prevention will have to come from a different angle. Banks could play the role of capable guardian.
Which opportunities due to digitization are exploited by criminals? And how do criminals gather the required ICT-expertise to take advantage of these opportunities? This exploratory study provides insight into criminals seeking ICT-expertise by analyzing five Dutch cases. This paper shows that criminals seeking ICT-expertise take advantage of companies and employees in the ICT-sector that act in a gray area. It is noteworthy that the initial contact of criminals seeking ICT-expertise is often immediately directed to criminal collaboration. In these cases, capacity' is more important than contact'. Furthermore, this paper discusses the role of forums for criminals seeking ICT-expertise. Criminals take advantage of the transfer of knowledge on forums and the existence of crimeware-as-a-service. Finally, this study falsifies the statement that there is a clear division between traditional offender groups taking advantage of the possibilities arising from ICT, and crime groups operating exclusively online. In practice, there are many connections between online and offline activities.
In current digital world, more victims are affected by cybercrime. Cyber world are wide open and it is very easy to target to access data or financial information from any individual, public and private organizations etc., since, internet and web are open, it is very easy to steal data on the unsecured medium of channel. Therefore, protecting financial data required further layers of security counter to the cybercrime. Data protection is one of the most significant methods to preventing data from cyber criminals. In this data protection method, cryptology plays vital role against the cybercriminal on the unsecured communication channel. It provides data privacy, network security, integrity and identity management to access the data authorized personnel's. Many public and private key procedures are recommended for securing data, however there are still a lot of challenge exist in this substance. Most familiar encryption techniques such as RSA, Elliptic curve, DES and AES are functioning against the cybercrime. In this research articles we have discussed about new cryptography technique preventing the cybercrime based on the block cipher scheme. The aim of this research article is to identify the significant method of data protection to prevent the unauthorized persons. Furthermore, the proposed security techniques can implement on SSL, Digital signature, network security etc.,
E-businesses (EBEs) may commit legal offenses due to perpetrating cybercrime while doing the commercial activity. According to the findings, various obstacles might deter cybercrime throughout accounting. The study examined the present laws for accounting policy elements and determined those aspects that should be included in the administrative document for e-business enterprise accounting policies. E-businesses must avoid cyber-crime (CC), which has a detrimental influence on the company's brand and diminishes client loyalty to ensure their success. According to the study's findings, the use of information and control functions of accounting can help prevent cyber-crime in the bookkeeping system by increasing the content of individual internal rules. The authors intended to make online payments for EBE-CC as safe, easy, and fast as possible. However, the internet is known for making its users feel anonymous. E-commerce (EC) transactions are vulnerable to cybercrime, resulting in considerable money and personal information losses.
This study focuses on the organization practices of networks of cybercriminals engaged in serious financial offenses, through a qualitative analysis of the Best and Luckenbill's sociological framework. The study utilized data collected regarding 18 separate criminals investigations from the Netherlands. The results demonstrate that the participants within these networks operated at various stages of deviant sophistication. Surprisingly, the majority of networks exhibit organizational sophistication based on their division of labor and extended duration over time. In fact, most of this sample could be classified as teams or formal organizations. Furthermore, in contrast with prior studies, no loners were present and only a few networks could be classified as colleagues or peers.
Publically accessible, illegal, websites represent an additional challenge for control agencies, but also an opportunity for researchers to monitor, in real time, changes in criminal careers. Using a repeated measures design, we examine evolution in the networks that form around child exploitation (CE) websites, over a period of 60 weeks, and determine which criminal career dimensions predict website failure. Network data were collected using a custom-designed web-crawler. Baseline survival rates were compared to networks surrounding (legal) sexuality and sports websites. Websites containing CE material were no more likely to fail than comparisons. Cox regression analyses suggest that increased volumes of CE code words and images are associated with premature failure. Websites that are more popular have higher odds of survival. We show that traditional criminal career dimensions can be transferred to the context of online CE and constitute some of the key determinants of an interrupted career.
Strong encryption algorithms and reliable anonymity routing have made cybercrime investigation more challenging. Hence, one option for law enforcement agencies (LEAs) is to search through unencrypted content on the Internet or anonymous communication networks (ACNs). The capability of automatically harvesting web content from web servers enables LEAs to collect and preserve data prone to serve as potential leads, clues, or evidence in an investigation. Although scientific studies have explored the field of web crawling soon after the inception of the web, few research studies have thoroughly scrutinised web crawling on the dark web, or ACNs, such as I2P, IPFS, Freenet, and Tor. The current paper presents a systematic literature review (SLR) that examines the prevalence and characteristics of dark web crawlers. From a selection of 58 peer-reviewed articles mentioning crawling and the dark web, 34 remained after excluding irrelevant articles. The literature review showed that most dark web crawlers were programmed in Python, using either Selenium or Scrapy as the web scraping library. The knowledge gathered from the systematic literature review was used to develop a Tor-based web crawling model into an already existing software toolset customised for ACN-based investigations. Finally, the performance of the model was examined through a set of experiments. The results indicate that the developed crawler was successful in scraping web content from both clear and dark web pages, and scraping dark marketplaces on the Tor network. The scientific contribution of this paper entails novel knowledge concerning ACN-based web crawlers. Furthermore, it presents a model for crawling and scraping clear and dark websites for the purpose of digital investigations. The conclusions include practical implications of dark web content retrieval and archival, such as investigation clues and evidence, and related future research topics.
In recent years cybercrime has increased rapidly in line with the growth of smartphone users. The development of messenger applications has opened up opportunities for cybercrime. Any cybercrime will leave digital evidence that can be tracked and used as digital evidence that applies in court. One of the acts of cybercrime is cyberbullying, in Indonesia, it is ranked 3rd in the world and if it is not followed up, cases of cyberbullying will be rampant. This study carried out the acquisition of digital evidence on the WhatsApp instant messenger application using the Digital Forensics Research Workshop (DFRWS) framework which is a scientific method that has a basis and is proven in court. The Rocchio method is used to investigate cyberbullying cases. Data collection in this study is with dummy data simulated in a cyberbullying scenario on WhatsApp Group Messenger. Research has successfully proven the occurrence of cyberbullying in groups. Obtained the highest R value (0.25) which exceeds the threshold value to say cyberbullying occurs (0.15). Therefore, based on the results of the study, it can be concluded that cyberbullying has occurred in the case scenario studied in this study with 3 bullying perpetrators with different levels, namely Dave, Alex, and Clara, while Jhon is the victim of bullying.
According to a report from McAfee and the center for strategic and international studies, worldwide financial loss due to cybercrime was estimated to be $600 billion in 2017. Researchers are currently exploring new methods for preventing cybercrime in Internet of Things (IoT) devices. Physically unclonable functions (PUFs) show promise as a device that could help in the fight against cybercrime. PUFs are a class of circuit that are unique and unclonable due to inherent variations caused by the device manufacturing process. We can take advantage of these PUF properties by using the outputs of PUFs to generate secret keys or pseudonyms that are similarly unique and unclonable. In recent years, energy harvesting devices, such as piezoelectric devices have been integrated with IoT devices for various purposes such as power generation and sensing applications. In this paper we propose a PUF design based on piezo sensors which are already commonly found in IoT devices. Our proposed PUF is tested in terms of reliability and uniformity.
Online advertising is an effective way for businesses to find new customers and expand their reach to a great variety of audiences. Due to the large number of participants interacting in the process, advertising networks act as brokers between website owners and businesses facilitating the display of advertisements. Unfortunately, this system is abused by cybercriminals to perform illegal activities such as malvertising. In this paper, we perform a measurement of malvertising from the user point of view. Our goal is to collect advertisements from a regular Internet connection and using The Onion Router in an attempt to understand whether using different technologies to access the Web could influence the probability of infection. We compare the data from our experiments to find differences in the malvertising activity observed. We show that the level of maliciousness is similar between the two types of accesses. Nevertheless, there are significant differences related to the malicious landing pages delivered in each type of access. Our results provide the research community with insights into how ad traffic is treated depending on the way users access Web content.
The article deals with the problem of criminal law prerequisites for managing cyberspace. The author notes that the increasing complexity and the increasing use of cybertechnologies and infrastructures are sources of potential risk to cyberstability and cybersecurity. More serious are the threats posed by external events, such as natural disasters or attacks by governments, criminal organizations or individuals. However, the expansion of cyberinfrastructure and cyberservices will provide greater opportunities and benefits, but will also lead to additional vulnerabilities and new challenges that could undermine personal and public security and safety of our societies. The author points out that at present the development of information and communication networks makes it necessary to consider the issues of information security not only at the international level, but also the question of solving the problem of unified management of such networks in the context of international security. At the same time, the achievement of the set goals in this sphere presupposes a political compromise between all the UN member states and the involvement of all interested parties in this process.
OBJECTIVE The current study is to understand the opportunities for and challenges faced by digital healthcare sector. The aim of the study is to suggest measures for securing data and information collected by the sector plus have safer online transactions. DESIGN AND SETTING The secondary data was collected from reliable sources. The primary data was collected online. The quantitative and qualitative analysis was done on data. The data was statistically analysed for this research article. RESULTS Even though healthcare sector has spent on digital health and cybersecurity but still the number of cybercrime cases have increased. An attempt is made to understand the factors that can influence the number of cybercrime cases. CONCLUSION The healthcare sector has opportunities in digital healthcare field in the current pandemic situation. At the same time, it has challenges to reduce the cybercrime cases as hackers are stealing confidential data and to take stringent measures to reduce the same.
Cybercrime is a growing problem, with increasing numbers of people reporting they have been a victim. However, the literature has tended to focus on the characteristics of the perpetrator and has often neglected to examine how the individual differences of victims may have an impact. This paper investigates how the Dark Triad - Machiavellianism, narcissism, and psychopathy - may increase the chances of being a victim of online crime. To do this, the Cyber Routine Activities Theory was applied, which suggests victimization is a result of two things: 1) a user's routine online activity which may bring them into contact with nefarious others and/or makes them an attractive target, and 2) the lack of a capable guardian who can defend against such nefarious others. Using an online survey (N = 328), we measured Internet users' Dark Triad traits, along with their engagement in various online activities and the preventative measures used against potential criminals. Findings demonstrated that narcissism and psychopathy increased the likelihood of victimization, but Machiavellianism did not. These relationships were moderated by gender. However, contrary to other work using the Cyber-RAT, preventative measures (e.g. knowledge of computers, presence of anti-virus programs) did not seem to impact on the likelihood of victimization. The challenges of using these findings to reduce cybercrime and future work are then discussed.
Background: The healthcare industry has increasingly been targeted by cybercrime putting patients, organizations, and employees at risk for financial loss and breach of privacy. Malware events compromise system integrity and patient privacy which could lead to delays in treatment, loss of patient data, inability to provide care, and increase in patient harm. In addition, these attacks may also compromise private and personal information for those targeted.Objective: Nurses represent a large portion of frontline healthcare workers and are uniquely positioned to help prevent cyber-attacks. Nursing curriculum should include education about the risks to patient safety from cybercrime and the nurse's role in preventing cybercrime. Nursing education has focused on hygiene for patient safety. Adding cyber hygiene to the essential practices of pre-licensure and advanced practice nurses is a first step to protecting patients, organizations, and employees from the repercussions of a healthcare cyber-attack.
"People frequently encounter sexual stimuli during Internet use. Research has shown that stimuli inducing sexual motivation can lead to greater impulsivity in men, as manifested in greater temporal discounting (i.e., a tendency to prefer smaller, immediate gains to larger, future ones). Extant findings in crime research suggest that delinquents tend to focus on short-term gains while failing to adequately think through the longer-term consequences of delinquent behavior. We experimentally tested the possibility that exposure to sexual stimuli is associated with the tendency to engage in cyber delinquency among men, as a result of their overly discounting remote consequences. In Experiment 1, participants exposed to pictures of sexy women were more likely to discount the future and were more inclined to make cyber-delinquent choices (e.g., cyberbullying, cyber fraud, cyber theft, and illegal downloading), compared with male participants who rated the sex appeal of less sexy opposite-sex pictures. However, these relationships were not observed in female participants exposed to either highly or less sexy pictures of men. In Experiment 2, male participants exposed to sexual primes showed a greater willingness to purchase a wide range of counterfeit rather than authentic products online and experienced a higher likelihood of logging into the other person's Facebook webpage (i.e., invading online privacy). The discounting tendency mediated the link between exposure to sexual primes and the inclination to engage in cyber-delinquent behavior. These findings provide insight into a strategy for reducing men's involvement in cyber delinquency; that is, through less exposure to sexual stimuli and promotion of delayed gratification. The current results suggest that the high availability of sexual stimuli in cyberspace may be more closely associated with men's cyber-delinquent behavior than previously thought."
The rise of the Internet has dramatically increased the degree to which youth may be exposed to online hate content, and simplified the process of sharing this content with others. Viewing messages that contain hate speech or language vilifying others can increase an individual's risk of radicalization to extremist views and the acceptance of violent ideologies. Researchers have begun to explore the risk factors for exposure to such content, with prior studies demonstrating a relationship between low self-control and online activities being important correlates. Few studies have utilized youth samples to assess these relationships, or explored the voluntary consumption and sharing of content. This study attempts to address this gap in the literature using self-report responses provided by a sample of 1,193 youths in South Australia. A series of quantitative models are estimated assessing the relationships between self-control, opportunities to view content using both on and off-line measures, and four dependent variables related to exposure to or sharing of hate content. The implications of this analysis for our understanding of the utility of criminological theory to radicalization and countering violent extremism are discussed in detail.
Malware is a major security threat confronting computer systems and networks and has increased in scale and impact from the early days of ICE Traditional protection mechanisms are largely incapable of dealing with the diversity and volume of malware variants which is evident today. This paper examines the evolution of malware including the nature of its activity and variants, and the implication of this for computer security industry practices. As a first step to address this challenge, I propose a framework to extract features statically and dynamically from malware that reflect the behavior of its code such as the Windows Application Programming Interface (API) calls. Similarity based mining and machine learning methods have been employed to profile and classify malware behaviors. This method is based on the sequences of API sequence calls and frequency of appearance. Experimental analysis results using large datasets show that the proposed method is effective in identifying known malware variants, and also classifies malware with high accuracy and low false alarm rates. This encouraging result indicates that classification is a viable approach for similarity detection to help detect malware. This work advances the detection of zero-day malware and offers researchers another method for understanding impact. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
We evaluate the use of data obtained by illicit means against a broad set of ethical and legal issues. Our analysis covers both the direct collection, and secondary uses of, data obtained via illicit means such as exploiting a vulnerability, or unauthorized disclosure. We extract ethical principles from existing advice and guidance and analyse how they have been applied within more than 4 2 recent peer reviewed papers that deal with illicitly obtained datasets. We find that existing advice and guidance does not address all of the problems that researchers have faced and explain how the papers tackle ethical issues inconsistently, and sometimes not at all. Our analysis reveals not only a lack of application of safeguards but also that legitimate ethical justifications for research are being overlooked. In many cases positive benefits, as well as potential harms, remain entirely unidentified. Few papers record explicit Research Ethics Board (REB) approval for the activity that is described and the justifications given for exemption suggest deficiencies in the REB process.
Over the past decade, wireless mobile communication technology based on the IEEE 802.11 Wireless Local Area Networks (WLANs) has been adopted worldwide on a massive scale. However, as the number of wireless users has soared, so has the possibility of cybercrime. WLAN digital forensics is seen as not only a response to cybercrime in wireless networks, but also a means to stem the increase of cybercrime in WLANs. The challenge in WLAN digital forensics is to intercept and preserve all the communications generated by the mobile stations and to conduct a proper digital forensic investigation. This paper attempts to address this issue by proposing a wireless digital forensic readiness model designed to monitor, log and preserve wireless network traffic for digital forensic investigations. Thus, the information needed by the digital forensic experts is rendered readily available, should it be necessary to conduct a digital forensic investigation. The availability of this digital information can maximise the chances of using it as digital evidence and it reduces the cost of conducting the entire digital forensic investigation process.
In cybercrime, malware plays a weighty role and malware authors heavily rely on different code obfuscation techniques such as packing, virtualisation, or control flow transformations, and other anti-analysis methods to hide malicious functionality in binary code. With thousands of new malware samples emerging every day, efficient analysis is crucial for fighting malware-based cybercrime. We present a novel meta-framework for malware analysis that helps find the optimal analysis strategy for a malware sample. The research for the work was conducted in a joint project together with the University of Gent in Belgium [L1].
Cybercrime is on the rise. Attacks by hackers, organized crime and nation-state adversaries are an economic threat for companies world-wide. Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) have increasingly become victims of cyberattacks in recent years. SMEs often lack the awareness and resources to deploy extensive information security measures. However, the health of SMEs is critical for society: For example, in Germany, 38.8% of all employees work in SMEs, which contributed 31.9% of the German annual gross domestic product in 2018. Many guidelines and recommendations encourage companies to invest more into their information security measures. However, there is a lack of understanding of the adoption of security measures in SMEs, their risk perception with regards to cybercrime and their experiences with cyberattacks. To address this gap in research, we performed 5,000 computer-assisted telephone-interviews (CATIs) with representatives of SMEs in Germany. We report on their experiences with cybercrime, management of information security and risk perception. We present and discuss empirical results of the adoption of both technical and organizational security measures and risk awareness in SMEs. We find that many technical security measures and basic awareness have been deployed in the majority of companies. We uncover differences in reporting cybercrime incidences for SMEs based on their industry sector, company size and security awareness. We conclude our work with a discussion of recommendations for future research, industry and policy makers.
Research SummaryThe current study examined 1055 stolen data products across 40 vendors on the Open and Dark Web to determine whether different product- and vendor-level behaviors predicted vendors' trustworthiness as reflected in their product price point. Understanding the mechanisms that convey trust in the underground marketplace is crucial as it could help law enforcement target serious actors and disrupt the larger marketplace. Findings suggest the online stolen data market may resemble an uninformative cost condition where buyers are unable to accurately differentiate credible sellers due to the obscure nature of signaling behaviors.Policy ImplicationsLaw enforcement would benefit from designing fake shops and deceptive forum posts that transmit mixed signals to complicate market participants' process of interpreting trust signals as intended. These interventions would generate high levels of risk that encourage both buyers and sellers to exit the online illicit marketplace without needing law enforcement arrests. Law enforcement could also target prominent market facilitators to generate a larger disruption that prevents actors from continuing their illicit behavior.
This research employed post-conviction polygraph testing on first offence internet child abuse image downloaders. The study systematically addressed the different child sexual behaviours exhibited by 38 men who were convicted of possessing child pornographic materials. The results indicate that additional risk-profile data are essential for the reduction of future victimization.
The increased deployment of Internet of Things (IoT) devices will make them targets for attacks. IoT devices can also be used as tools for committing crimes. In this regard, we propose Probe-IoT - a forensic investigation framework using a public digital ledger to find facts in criminal incidents in IoT-based systems. Probe-IoT collects interactions that take place among various IoT entities (clouds, users, and IoT devices) as evidence and stores them securely as transactions in public, distributed and decentralized blockchain network which is similar to the Bitcoin network. Probe-IoT presents a scheme that ensures integrity, confidentiality, anonymity, and non-repudiation of the evidence stored in the public ledger. Furthermore, during the investigation of a malicious incident, Probe-IoT provides a mechanism to acquire evidence from the ledger and verify the authenticity and integrity of the obtained evidence.
Do online conflict management styles affect the likelihood of cybervictimization? To answer this question, we use an online survey of youth and young adults recruited from a demographically balanced sample of Americans. Using an extended version of routine activity theory, we examine how two conflict resolution styles-self-help and toleration-affect the target suitability of online users and, in turn, their likelihood of being the victim of cybercrime. Our findings demonstrate that individuals who adopt the confrontational conflict resolution style of self-help upon witnessing hostile behavior online are at an increased risk of being victimized. However, tolerating online conflict does not significantly influence the likelihood of victimization, net of other online behaviors and sociodemographic characteristics.
As our society becomes increasingly interconnected and reliant on technologies, the need for digital forensics is no longer restricted to cybercriminal investigations. For example, when a private organization's system is compromised due to unauthorized access or espionage, digital forensic investigations can help to reveal the 'what, why, how, who, when, and where' relating to the incident, and the findings can inform decision-making and mitigation strategy formulation. Taking an interdisciplinary lens, this paper uses the design science approach to guide the development of an integrated digital forensic framework. It is then demonstrated how the framework can be used by a forensic investigator to examine Android applications, using a series of case studies (also referred to as instantiations of the method artifact in the design science literature). (c) 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The advancement of the Internet has great potential for the well-being of citizens and business growth, but this new paradigm also entails cybersecurity challenges that can have high economic impacts. The growth of Internet use is also leading to a general increase in cybercrime concerns as well as the number of users' victims of this permanent threat. This reality is also very present in Portugal as well as in other European countries. In this context, it is important to know some indicators associated with cybersecurity, to take the best measures/actions in a reasoned way, and to combat this phenomenon. This article presents the results of a study carried out in 2019 by the European Commission, whose analysis helps to understand the Portuguese positioning in the concerns and attitudes about cybercrime, to the average of the European Community citizens. Analysing this study, it was possible to perceive that the Portuguese's concerns about cybercrime are in line with the average of the European citizens, although the percentage of Portuguese that takes attitudes and actions to combat cyber-threats is a little bit above the average recorded by citizens of European countries.
This chapter explores the online pharmaceutical trade setting the background for the rest of the book and presents the research questions that drove the study. The chapter starts by considering how medicines came to be available to purchase online and why this is seen as problematic via the associated risks. A critical discussion is then presented, unpacking these risks and how the discourses surrounding them are intertwined with authoritative challenges. The chapter concludes with an empirical examination of the online pharmaceutical trade.
This paper focuses on the European Union's collective efforts to address cybercrime and argues that the European Union (consisting of 28 Member States) has more than a single overarching 'strategic cyber culture'. This is due to the differences in attitudes and experiences of cyber security among Member States that has created fragmentation in the EU's cyber security institutional system. This paper therefore considers the institutional developments by examining the main 'carriers' of EU strategic cyber culture such as the Directorate-General for Migration and Home Affairs (DG HOME), Eurojust, and Europol/EC3, together with the strengths and weaknesses of the EU's particular approach to cybercrime.
With the plethora of information exchange in online communication, occurrences of some unwanted vices like cybercrimes and cyber bullying have taken shape. It is imperative to develop a prediction model for cyber-crime prediction. The existing technical approaches to identify these unwarranted activities have not achieved the required success rate. In the proposed approach, methods of Machine Learning and Neural Network are used for analyzing and predicting the occurrence of cybercrime. We have considered four major categories of cybercrime, namely cyber bullying, cyber harassment, cyber fraud and cyber hacking for performing various experiments. In the proposed model we have achieved an accuracy of 97.6% while predicting cyber-criminal activities.
The author provides one of the first empirical examinations of cyberstalking perpetration. The extent and nature of cyberstalking are investigated using a sample of college students from a large university in the Midwest. The results indicate that cyberstalking was perpetrated by 4.9% of research participants. In addition, the findings suggest that persons with low self-control are significantly more likely than their peers to perpetrate cyberstalking. Those who participated in sexting were also more likely to engage in cyberstalking. However, these variable effects differed by sex. In particular, women with low self-control were at higher risk of perpetrating cyberstalking, while low self-control did not affect offending risk for men. These results speak to the potentially gendered nature of cyberstalking, while at the same time finding that the prevalence of offending was essentially the same for men and women.
Large scale, subscription based, Internet Protocol Television (IPTV) media piracy is occurring despite current copyright enforcement efforts. Cybercriminals are abusing legitimate services to setup and maintain illegitimate business operations offering pirated media content on a subscription basis. Due to the underground aspect of these pirated IPTV operations, these services are not well understood and so current enforcement action against them appear to not be effective. In this paper, we empirically measure the network infrastructure, payment, and order intermediary services that are used by a subset of the infringing IPTV ecosystem. We demonstrate how the measurements we make in this paper give insight into the business behind subscription based pirated media. Lastly, we show how these measurements can lead to potentially more informed policy decisions and intervention measures against subscription based IPTV piracy.
The threat from cybercrime is increasing, targeting citizens, businesses and governments at a rapidly growing rate (Europol, 2015). The information and communication technologies (ICT) rapid development brings for society not only many benefits, but many threats too. ICT nature, especially the speed, convenience and anonymity of the Internet commit a diverse range criminal activities and new trends in cybercrime that threaten business processes, eroding the employees integrity, and damages the organizations reputation. The paper deals with two problems in cyber society. Initially gather facts about non-ethical exploiting information and computers in society. On the other hand deals with motives that lead to unethical activities. Final thesis section is looking at potential solutions to ethical problems in cyber society.
Passwords are but one link in the cybercrime value chain. Contrary to popular belief, compromised users are made whole and thieves have a hard time monetizing stolen credentials.
"The present exploratory study sought to address a gap in the current literature on problematic Internet use by investigating the relationship between Internet addiction and digital piracy. The main research question guiding this study was whether IA was correlated with digital piracy. The expectation was that IA would indeed be correlated with digital piracy and increase odds of perpetration. Secondly, taking into account that previous literature on both IA and digital piracy emphasizes the importance of online relationships (Acier & Kern, 2011; Fitzpatrick, 2008; Marcum, Higgins, Wolfe, & Ricketts, 2011), it was expected that deviant peer association would increase the odds of pirating. Finally, taking into account that previous research on both IA and digital piracy has largely shown that these problems affect a greater proportion of males (Andreou & Svoli, 2013; Gunter, Higgins, & Gealt, 2010; Hinduja, 2012; Lam, Peng, Mai, & Jing, 2009; Shaw & Black, 2008), it was expected that being male would increase the odds of pirating. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
Zeus is a well-known and effective family of 'man-in-the-browser' malware. This qualitative case study analyses posts in online cybercrime forums that discuss Zeus configuration. Online cybercriminals were found to share, sell, steal, and trade configuration files. The discussions and advertisements on the forums, which span four years, were found to evolve with market conditions and externalities, including Zeus being offered as a subscription service. The release of tools to decrypt configuration files by security researchers was also closely followed on the forums, and assisted offenders when it came to stealing configuration files from others.
Despite the rapid escalation of cybercrimes in modern society, few viable cybersecurity and cybercrime prevention programs exist. Consequently, this research considers cybersecurity as a key element for mitigating the potential risk and incidents of cybercrime. The study aims to understand the role of individuals' cybersecurity knowledge and awareness in shaping their cybersecurity intention and behavior in the United States. The results reveal that information and communications technology variables, education, income, and gender are contributing predictors of a level of cybersecurity knowledge. The effects of information and communications technology variables varied across gender for both correct and uncertain responses. The findings highlight the importance of a comprehensive understanding of both technical and human/individual factors for cybersecurity knowledge and education.
Phishing is a cybercrime which is carried out by imitating a legal website to trick users to steal their personal data, including usernames, passwords, account numbers, national insurance numbers, etc. Phishing frauds may be the most widespread cybercrime used today. Machine learning focuses on computer algorithms which improves automatically through experience. Machine learning methods were utilized to detect phishing URLs that typically evaluates an URL based on a feature or set of features extracted from it. This paper presents an approach to identify phishing websites using trained machine learning models. It also delivers a detailed analysis of phishing attacks with a comparison on machine learning approaches used for analysis and classification of phishing and legitimate websites.
Large-scale dark web marketplaces have been around for more than a decade. So far, academic research has mainly focused on drug and hacking-related offers. However, data markets remain understudied, especially given their volatile nature and distinct characteristics based on shifting iterations. In this paper, we perform a large-scale study on dark web data markets. We first characterize data markets by using an innovative theoretical legal taxonomy based on the Council of Europe's Cybercrime Convention and its implementation in Dutch law. The recent Covid-19 pandemic showed that cybercrime has become more prevalent with the increase of digitalization in society. In this context, important questions arise regarding how cybercrime harms are determined, measured, and prioritized. We propose a determination of harm based on criminal law qualifications and sanctions. We also address the empirical question of what the economic activity on data markets looks like nowadays by performing a comprehensive measurement of digital goods based on an original dataset scraped from twelve marketplaces consisting of approximately 28,000 offers from 642 vendors. The resulting analysis combines insights from the theoretical legal framework and the results of the measurement study. To our knowledge, this is the first study to combine these two elements systematically.
Cyber attacks are increasingly menacing businesses. Based on the literature review and publicly available reports, this article conducts an extensive and consistent survey of the services used by the cybercrime business, organized using the value chain perspective, to understand cyber attack in a systematic way. Understanding the specialization, commercialization, and cooperation for cyber attacks helps us to identify 24 key value-added activities and their relations. These can be offered as a service for use in a cyber attack. This framework helps to understand the cybercriminal service ecosystem and hacking innovations. Finally, a few examples are provided showing how this framework can help to build a more cyber immune system, like targeting cybercrime control-points and assigning defense responsibilities to encourage collaboration.
This study analyzes different attitudes toward introduction of smart policing technologies in cybercrime policing among the Korean public and police. Policing is essential for a sustainable community. Technological advances in policing have both positive and negative aspects, making it essential to investigate perceptions of both public and police when introducing smart policing technologies. A discrete choice experiment was undertaken to survey preferences of the public and police toward introduction of such technologies and conduct simulation analysis to compare changes in the acceptance of various scenarios. The study divides cybercrime policing into prevention and investigation. The sample included 500 members of the public and 161 police officers. The results show that the public thinks an increase in yearly taxes and invasion of privacy are the most important factors. Conversely, the police think factors enhancing the efficiency of policing are most important. Moreover, when smart policing technologies are introduced, the public and police perceive more utility in the prevention and investigation of cybercrime, respectively. Few studies in this field separate the prevention and investigation of crimes, or compare perceptions of the public and police toward the introduction of smart policing technologies. This study's quantitative analysis provides insights lacking in previous literature.
Personal data is the primary target of cybercrime. Robot network or abbreviated as botnet is a program that infects the computers and allows the botnet owner to control the infected computers. The botnet can be controlled to steal personal data of the infected computers, as well as using the computer to other cybercrime purposes. This research aims to identify the botnet in the flow traffic by using K-Nearest Neighbor (KNN). The flow traffic data source is obtained from CTU-13 datasets, which contain the real flow traffic captured by Czech Technical University. As a result, the botnet identification accuracy lies in the range of 75.84% to 97.27%, depends on the scenario and the k value. Although KNN has shown a good accuracy result, several other methods outperform KNN accuracy.
This article provides an exploratory overview of crowdsourced surveillance of closed-circuit television (CCTV) footage over the Internet. Although the use of CCTV in both public and private surveillance is well documented, footage is now distributed over the Internet for large crowds to monitor. This article briefly introduces the concept of crowdsourcing and explains its shift from a quasi-communitarian mode of production to a business model and crime-fighting strategy. This is followed by a review of relevant scholarly literature that provides a theoretical basis for understanding crowdsourcing as it applies to CCTV surveillance online. This article then considers four case studies of crowdsourced CCTV surveillance on the Internet. These four UK-based examples provide an overview of an emerging phenomenon of how crowds can be integrated into CCTV surveillance, ranging from identifying suspects to designating suspicious behaviour in everyday activity. This article concludes by considering the broader social risks, extending from literature on CCTV, surveillance and crowdsourced labour.
The paper seeks to address the lapses in policy formulation and implementations on the issue of database in Nigeria and by extension the rest of developing countries that are confronting with various activities of cyber criminals. Most of these government pay leap service to boosting the image of their countries whereas it is in their sole responsibility to monitor communications and detect abuse on networks due to influence of globalization. Up till now, no dependable data base of citizenry in Nigeria and that makes it difficult to check people activities online which resulting to all security issues that presently deforming the country images. Images are measured by performance of invisible indicators. The study seeks on how Nigeria can improve her image by identifying the impact of information security and effective governance with the immediate application of automation system in the country since country's reputation plays a major role in attracting investment and boosting the economy, as reputation negatively affected by the increasing number of cybercrime incidents. Data security and cybercrime in Nigeria are significant and need to be addressed as a matter of urgency by taking proactive steps to improve data security, enhance cybercrime enforcement, and protect the country's image, Nigeria can build a more secure and stable digital environment for its citizens.
Cybervictimization is a significant challenge and increasing concern. This study explored the predictors of an aggregate measure of six different types of cybervictimization, incorporating property (online consumer fraud, online identity theft), interpersonal (cyberbullying and cyberstalking), as well as phishing and malware infection crimes. An online survey was self-administered to 726 individuals, measuring sociodemographic variables and routine activity variables, stemming from Routine Activities Theory (RAT). Of the 726 individuals, 440 were already victims of at least one cybercrime. Communicating or giving personal information to unknown individuals doubled the likelihood of being victimized online. Education increased the likelihood of victimization, while higher income was associated with a lower likelihood of online victimization. These results are discussed in relation to the RAT framework and existing empirical studies that have applied it to explain online victimization.
Within the past decade, Africa has witnessed a phenomenal growth in Internet penetration and the use of Information Communications Technologies (ICTs). However, the spread of ICTs and Internet penetration has also raised concerns about cyber security at regional and sub-regional governance forums. This has led African intergovernmental organizations to develop legal frameworks for cyber security. At the sub-regional level, the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) has adopted a Directive on Cybercrime, while the Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA) and the Southern African Development Community (SADC) have adopted model laws. At the regional level, the African Union (AU) has adopted a Convention on Cyber Security and Personal Data Protection. This paper seeks to examine these legal instruments with a view to determining whether they provide adequate frameworks for mutual assistance and international cooperation on cyber security and cyber crime control. The paper will argue that the AU Convention on Cyber Security and Personal Data Protection does not provide an adequate framework for mutual assistance and international cooperation amongst African States and that this state of affairs may limit and fragment international cooperation and mutual assistance along sub-regional lines or bilateral arrangements. It will recommend the development of international cooperation and mutual assistance mechanisms within the framework of the AU and also make a case for the establishment of a regional Computer Emergency Response Team to enhance cooperation as well as the coordination of responses to cyber security incidents.
Often, women are vulnerable in their daily lives, so many activists nowadays are trying to influence the society in order to understand how to deal with different situations and how to deal with women in those situations. However, it should not be forgotten that additional threats and problems appeared with the advent of technology. It's hard to trace criminals and perpetrators in cyberspace, because there is no border here, and it takes just a few clicks to reach the victim. On a daily basis using the Internet, various websites and social networks are faced with various threats, such as cyberbullying, sexting, bossing, etc. Especially vulnerable are women here. Often women are shy to reveal to others that there is something bad or has already occurred, they do not want to be publicly embarrassed, so still a very large number of women who are subject to attacks in cyberspace are unidentified. The author wants to see various cyber threats and crimes happening in the Internet environment both in the world and in Europe. Preventive measures that will allow women and Internet users to feel safe in this environment will also be addressed. The article is to present the main threats to the Internet among women and to offer opportunities for how to be safe. The main tasks are to identify among all threats in cyberspace direct threats against women, to find the opportunity to protect women and raise their awareness of issues. The paper mainly uses empirical methods, as well as analysis of literature and scientific research, legal aspects of different countries. The results can be used both theoretically and practically. They will help women around the world become aware of the dangers of cyberspace and protect themselves.
Malware-campaign investigation has a significant impact on deterring cybercrime. Semantic technologies could provide a better balance between human reasoning skills and computer processing capabilities, thus enhancing investigations of the malware ecosystem.
The increased deployment of Internet of Things (IoT) devices will make them targets for attacks. IoT devices can also be used as tools for committing crimes. In this regard, we propose FIF-IoT-a forensic investigation framework using a public digital ledger to find facts in criminal incidents in IoT-based systems. FIF-IoT collects interactions that take place among various IoT entities (clouds, users, and IoT devices) as evidence and store them securely as transactions in a public, distributed and decentralized blockchain network which is similar to the Bitcoin network. Hence, FIF-IoT eliminates a single entity's control over the evidence storage, avoids single-point-of-failure on the storage media, and ensures high availability of evidence. FIF-IoT presents a framework that ensures integrity, confidentiality, anonymity, and non-repudiation of the evidence stored in the public digital ledger. Furthermore, FIF-IoT provides a mechanism to acquire evidence from the ledger and to verify the integrity of the obtained evidence. We present a case study of a forensic investigation to demonstrate that FIF-IoT is secure against evidence tampering. We also implement a prototype to evaluate the performance of FIF-IoT.
Phishing is a cybercrime in active growth that victimizes a large number of individuals and organizations.To explore which individual and contextual factors predict phishing susceptibility, an online survey was developed, and participants were invited to participate through institutional email from the University of Porto and social networks. The total sample was constituted of 449 individuals.Results showed that subjects that perceive to have phishing detection self-efficacy and those that have greater use of services in Internet routine activities were more susceptible to phishing. Technology competencies and other individual variables do not predict phishing susceptibility in our sample.Furthermore, the majority of factors (individual and contextual) tested do not predict phishing susceptibility. So, more studies are needed to understand which factors influence this susceptibility, and regarding that how individuals can protect themselves.Finally, potential applications of this research include replication in other countries/contexts, and/or the application of the survey together with other innovative tools.
The advent of the Internet of Things (IoT) provides yet another pervasive platform, leading to more potential cybercrimes. There is a need to determine the required procedures and actions by software development companies, service providers, government agencies and users before the phenomenon invades the world. To that end, using a mixed-method approach, our work aims to tackle the IoT potential threats in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, especially from the government sector, where it is important to elaborate the government roles from different perspectives to minimize the cybercrime threats to the IoT. The roles of the legislations, national data centers, national information centers, different ministries, and government departments are important to help to minimize the cybercrime risks in the up and coming IoT space that is still lacking in the KSA.
The purpose of this study is to understand public awareness of cybersecurity-related issues and discussions during the COVID-19 pandemic. Employees and confidential organizational data are vulnerable to cyber-attacks as a result of the pandemic, which has raised concerns about cyber security about the new normal of working from home. The public's main sentiments and aspects related to cyber security concerns have been mined from tweets on the microblogging social media website Twitter. Sentiment Analysis and Topic Modeling techniques have been applied to understand the perspectives, emotions, and themes discussed by people. The analysis reveals people are becoming more aware of cybercrime-related concerns and are more positive than negative in combating the challenge of cybercrime. The paper also highlights the main themes revealed by Topic Modeling.
Much has been written about the legal rights and interests of government, private industry and individual users in the cyberspace. However, relatively little has been written about how codes of conduct, public private partnerships, standards and collaborative efforts can be used to structure advancement in technological knowledge for the benefits of all users and how these efforts can better prioritize the rights and responsibilities of each of the actors in cyberspace. This paper presents a conceptual framework for building sustainable partnerships between government and private industry and looks to models of successful partnerships both nationally and internationally. The paper provides an overview of the various collaborations and conflicts in these partnerships, and the governance and organizational issues involved in protecting American cybersecurity. Based on empirical research and an analysis of national and international cybersecurity partnership initiatives, legislation and policies, this paper explores the issues impacting a cohesive, integrated, unified strategy between the government and the private sector including the issues of governance, incentives, risk sharing and the transnational nature of cyberspace. Recent government frameworks are analyzed including the proposed Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act (CISPA), the President's Executive Order (EO) 13636, Improving Critical Infrastructure Cybersecurity, and the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework launched in February 2014. In the course of the research, the author has interviewed various government and private sector experts on national intelligence and cybersecurity and has analyzed relevant documents, data, case studies and government and private industry reports concerning the present and future challenges they face in developing viable public private partnerships. The research thus far has resulted in a better understanding of the major issues in cybersecurity and national intelligence and the importance of partnerships and information sharing as a critical component of advancing the goals of both domains in advancing world peace and private sector interests.
Exchanges serve an essential role in the cryptocurrency ecosystem. It is through exchanges that most people acquire Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, often avoiding the blockchain entirely. Because so many customers put their trust and financial resources in exchanges, it is no surprise that they have long been targets of cybercriminal actors. This paper examines 822 cryptocurrency exchanges operational from 2010-2022. We find that 40% of these exchanges subsequently shut down. Using regression and survival analysis, we investigate the factors that could precipitate the closure of exchanges. Consistent with prior work, we find some evidence that experiencing security breaches are associated with closure. However, we find that the strongest effects are connected to how the exchange operates. Exchanges that only trade cryptocurrencies and not fiat face approximately 60% greater odds of shutting down than those that trade both. Trading more coins is negatively associated with failure. Meanwhile, exchanges that permit US customers shut down more quickly, which suggests that the regulatory environment may affect exchange lifetimes.
Cybercrime is one of the most serious threats. Efforts are made to reduce the number of cybercrime is to find new techniques in securing data such as Cryptography, Steganography and Watermarking combination. Cryptography and Steganography is a growing data security science. A combination of Cryptography and Steganography is one effort to improve data integrity. New techniques are used by combining several algorithms, one of which is the incorporation of hill cipher method and Morse code. Morse code is one of the communication codes used in the Scouting field. This code consists of dots and lines. This is a new modern and classic concept to maintain data integrity. The result of the combination of these three methods is expected to generate new algorithms to improve the security of the data, especially images.
Academic, legal and practitioner responses to cyber threats have been predominantly reactive, punitive, and deterrence-based, with limited attention given to the motives underlying computer criminals' behaviors. This paper reasons that new and better theoretical perspectives are needed to explain computer criminals' motives. Following a review of the computer crime behavioral literature, a summary review of core philosophies and theories used to explain generalized crime and criminal motives is provided. A framework is proposed suggesting that criminological theories have evolved along two categorical dimensions: determinism-indeterminism, and individualism-collectivism. The paper then reasons that future computer crime research will benefit by considering indeterminist-collectivist (constructivist) theories. Two such theories, social construction of technology, and actor-network theory, are proposed in the discussion section, along with some cybercrime examples. The paper invites a deeper consideration of the origins and motivations of computer-based criminality as a means of building stronger theory and ultimately advancing more proactive and effective solutions.
Offline, crime and resulting victimization is not individual incidence. It is also hampered or encouraged by the community in which it is situated. Are community characteristics relevant for victimization online? This paper examines the prevalence of Craigslist-based (automobile) scams across 30 American cities. Our methodology analyses historical scam data and its relationship with economic, structural, and cultural characteristics of the communities that are exposed to fraudulent advertising. We find that Craigslist scams are not random, but targeted towards specific communities. The resulting policy insight is for creating public awareness campaigns addressing educated white males, as they are the most vulnerable.
Fraud in the field of digital technologies is becoming more sophisticated and widespread. Monitoring of fraudulent schemes for cybercrime allowed identifying criminal acts based on these types of fraud and preventing them at an early stage.
With the advancement of new technologies, modern society is surrounded by devices and services with internet connectivity. It provides us the better lifestyle, convenience of services and easy communications. But it opens many security flaws if we can't take proper security measures. Cybercrime might occur from any place at any time and the consequences are endless. Cybercrime is not limited to any specific area. It can be in any sectors like the financial institute, government institute, educational institute, health sectors and so on. We need a solution to protect us from any cyber crimes. Without knowing the possible cyber threats and challenges, it is very difficult to deal with cyber attacks. In this paper, the summary of major cybersecurity threats and challenges in modern society are presented and the solutions are proposed to protect from cyber threats.
Criminologists and crime prevention practitioners recognize the importance of geographical places to crime activities and the role that place managers might play in effectively preventing crime. Indeed, over the past several decades, a large body of work has highlighted the tendency for crime to concentrate across an assortment of geographic areas, where place management tends to be absent or weak. Nevertheless, there has been a paucity of research evaluating place management strategies and cybercrime within the virtual domain. The purpose of this study was to investigate the effectiveness of place management techniques on reducing cybercrime incidents in an online setting. Using data derived from the information technology division of a large urban research university in the United States, this study evaluated the impact of an anti-phishing training program delivered to employees that sought to increase awareness and understanding of methods to better protect their virtual places from cybercrimes. Findings are discussed within the context of the broader crime and place literature.
The research aims to analyze the issue of information security in Brazil, understood as necessary for the defense of private data in the face of the advance of virtual crime from the advent of the internet. It is also intended to understand the advances made by the Brazilian legal system, in addition to the executive and business efforts, in order to promote greater legal certainty in the scope of data and information. Using the bibliographic method, through scientific and documentary literature, it is observed that the construction of a new fully virtual environment gave rise to the so-called information society, which globally interconnects subjects through cyberculture and cyberspace, without physical limitations, factors responsible for the structuring of circumstances hitherto unexperienced by humanity and, consequently, by the Law. The emergence of new facts and personal and institutional values related to information in contemporary society, has demanded from the Law the adequacy and/or reconstruction of legal categories, based on the constitutional equation, which is clear and applicable to any type of information: the holder of information owes the utmost respect to the privacy of individuals and the maximum transparency of acts involving public interests. However, in relation to legislative production, an extension and deformalization of procedures is pointed out, the greater the complexity and risk presented by the matters to be standardized.
Evolution of the WEB and high anonymity of virtual identities result in positive and negative impact on society. One of the negative effects is a problem of false spam opinions, which are distributed throughout WEB forums and recommendation portals. Researches in this area mainly concern detection of particular examples of spam opinions. Nevertheless, an idea of detecting virtual multi-identities, created by a single person, still seems to be lacking effective solutions. Presented article describes a system which allows to search virtual multi-identities, created in order to generate spam opinions. The system bases on a combination of features from various domains: natural language processing, time-activity analysis and related to common objects. Series of tests evaluated system's efficiency in the area of detecting virtual multi-identities from recommendation portal.
This is a short paper on the historical growth and spread of spam and Internet abuse, including telemarketing and mobile messaging spam, in India. Additionally, it covers current and proposed Indian law, and regulatory / law enforcement actions against cybercrime.
Mobile banking has become the most preferred banking method globally due to the prevalence and popularity of mobile technology. The widespread adoption and usage of mobile devices for banking has attracted a lot of cybercrime. Despite the national government gazetting NCPF to standardise cybersecurity efforts in South Africa, it is not adequately regulated as cybercrime continues to rise. This paper surveyed the literature to develop a cybersecurity culture framework to mitigate cybersecurity challenges in the South African mobile banking sector. The socio-technical systems theory was adopted as the underlying research theory of this paper. A literature survey was conducted, and the outcomes were thematically interpreted. Findings revealed that critical components of a successful cybersecurity culture framework should incorporate support, cybersecurity collaboration, policy, and monitoring and evaluation. The proposed framework may help to secure mobile banking communities from ever-evolving cyberattacks.
The distribution of malicious spam occurs in substantial numbers around the globe and can function as a precursor to serious forms of cybercrime. Yet to date, no known study has employed criminological theory to gain insight into the macro-correlates of malicious spam victimization. To address this gap in the literature, the current study utilizes data gathered from multiple sources to assess whether variables derived from routine activity theory are associated with malicious spam victimization at the country-level. Findings indicate that multiple measures of target suitability increase the amount of malicious spam a country receives. Specifically, corruption, political freedom, gross domestic product, and being an Asian nation are associated with an increase in malicious spam victimization. Capable guardianship, however, does not decrease the amount of malicious spam a country receives, and in some instances, is associated with an increase. Theoretical and policy implications are discussed.
National cybersecurity capacity building involves the development of managerial, technical, social, legal, policy, and regulatory initiatives by a growing ecology of actors to enhance the resilience of nations to cybersecurity breaches, cybercrime, and terrorism. Capacity building is therefore resource intensive, requiring attention across sectors of society, ranging from governments to Internet users. However, it is difficult to justify commitments to capacity building when the benefits of building national cybersecurity capacity are largely based on logical reasoning, limited case studies, anecdotal evidence, and expert opinion rather than systematic empirical evidence. To explore the value of capacity building, this article reports on the early phase of a systematic effort to bring together cross-national data from multiple sources to examine whether indicators related to the cybersecurity capacity of a nation help explain the experiences of Internet users-one of the final payoffs of cybersecurity capacity building.
This paper analyses the relationship between the drop in traditional crimes in Western highly industrialized societies and the evolution of cybercrime. It includes a review of the criminological debate on the crime drop, which shows that the exchanges between researchers allowed clarifying its extent and limits, but without reaching agreement about its causes and seldom taking into account the trends in cyber-related offences. The paper also reviews the data available on the latter and arrives to the conclusion that European police statistics rarely include them and, when they do, the available data do not allow establishing trends nor conducting comparisons across countries. The difficulties related to the recording of such crimes are discussed and a proposal for a tripartite classification of crimes that distinguishes between offline, online, and hybrid crimes is advanced, together with suggestions on the statistical counting rules that could be applied to measure the frequency of cyber-related offences. Finally, a review of the available victimization surveys shows that cybercrime could currently represent between one-third and half of the crimes committed in a country. Accordingly, the authors consider that the rise of online and hybrid crimes have contributed to the drop of offline crimes. This is a consequence of the development of the Internet, which changed the lifestyle and routine activities of the population, and opened a breach in traditional police-based crime prevention strategies. The new scenario helped consolidating the private security market and, indirectly, led the companies involved to hold a strategic data collection, which could be used to study cybercrime.
As the war against cybercrime continues, security experts and attackers improve their skills and tools to accomplish their desired goal. Botnets have been the method of choice for a majority of cyber attacks, from phishing and spam campaigns to full scale distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks. The application of machine learning methods to help fight cybercrime has shown promising results. Unlike other domains where machine learning (ML) has been applied, there is another human being capable of using the same tools to counter the security experts. ML models are more effective at analyzing a large amount of traffic than human beings, but providing a black box response is not sustainable against dynamic human opponents. In this paper we begin to describe a method that presents the underlying patterns discovered by ML methods that allow researchers and experts to gain the insight needed to effectively design more robust responses to the ever-changing threats with which they are faced.
With the global diffusion of cybercrime, the ever-growing market penetration of high-performance and low-cost personal digital devices, and the commercial success of cloud computing, the area of digital forensics is faced with various new challenges that must be taken seriously. In this chapter, the authors describe a novel approach to digital investigations based on the emerging Forensics as a Service (FaaS) model. This model attempts to optimize Law Enforcement Agency's (LEA) forensic procedures, reduce complexity, and save operational costs. Inspired by previous work on distributed computing for forensic analysis, this chapter provides the reader with design guidelines of a FaaS platform for secure service delivery. The proposed FaaS platform should be able to support investigators and practitioners in their daily tasks (e.g. digital evidence examination, analysis, and reporting) once implemented by a cloud forensic provider or internally by a LEA. In this chapter, the authors also present the architecture components, interfaces, communication protocols, functional and non-functional requirements, as well as security specifications of the proposed framework in detail.
Increasing public awareness of cyberbullying, coupled with several highly publicized youth suicides linked to electronic bullying, have led lawmakers and politicians to consider new criminal legislation specifically related to cyberbullying. However, little is known about how the police currently respond to cyberbullying, and it is not clear whether new laws are necessary. In this article, the authors draw upon in-depth interviews with Canadian street patrol officers and school resource officers to explore police perspectives on policing cyberbullying. In contrast to the reactive hard-line approach proposed in much legislation and public discussion, police officers prefer to take a preventative approach by educating youth and raising awareness about the dangers of digital communications. Although there are instances when criminal charges must be laid, these incidents transcend bullying, a term that has little legal meaning for police officers.
Often overlooked in the measurement of crime is the underlying size of offender populations. This holds true for online property crimes involving the sale, purchase, and use of stolen financial data. Though available data suggests that online frauds are steadily increasing, there are currently no estimates of the scope of this offender population. The current study addresses this issue by using capture-recapture methods to estimate the size of the population participating in stolen data markets over a calendar year. Data analysis involved samples collected from three websites that facilitate financial crimes and frauds. Findings suggest that markets are much larger in size than what can otherwise be observed, are heterogeneous, and that buyers outnumber vendors.
The growth in technology usage came along with many risks and increase in cybercrimes incidents. Phishing attacks are a form of cybercrimes by which attackers trick victims in order to obtain personal and sensitive information. Phishers motivations include gaining unauthorized information and access, cause financial loss and many more negative impacts. While cybercriminals keep developing their techniques, investigating different attack styles and methodologies are important steps toward developing effective protection mechanisms. This paper contributes to this direction by presenting and analyzing various phishing attack styles including Nigerian, Ghanaian, Chinese and Russian cybercrime styles. Due to richness of learning resources Russians and Chinese were found to be using more advanced techniques than Ghanaians and Nigerians who has limited resources.
As cybercrime activity continues to increase with significant data growth and the Internet of Things (IoT's), this research introduces a new proactive methodically designed approach vs. current reactive and specialized methods. A novel holistic identity classification scheme and information architecture is proposed. This approach has an adaptive, common cybernetic trait design to support a changing technological landscape and human behavior. Common cyber identity base trait dimensions for context, physical, cyber, and human aspects allow for systematic analysis of temporal evidence to help resolve a physical person's identity in a cybercrime. This research platform supports both broad and targeted identity analytics utilizing advanced machine learning methods with mixed media visualizations to facilitate Cyber Situational Awareness (SA). Early PhD experimentation with real-world use cases shows promise with regard to providing salient attributes and patterns of cyber activity that are unique to a person.
Some economies in the Former Soviet Union and Central and Eastern Europe (FSU&CEE) are known as cybercrime hotspots. FSU&CEE economies have shown complex and varied responses to cybercrimes due partly to the differential incentives and pressures they face. This study builds upon literatures on white-collar crime, institutional theory and international relations (IR)/international political economy (IPE) perspectives to examine the low rates of prosecution and conviction of suspected cybercriminals in some economies in the FSU&CEE and variation in such rates across these economies. The findings indicate that cybercrime cases are more likely to be prosecuted and sanctions are imposed in economies that are characterized by a higher degree of cooperation and integration with the West. Cybercriminals are less likely to be jurisdictionally shielded in such economies. Our findings also suggest that a high degree of cooperation and integration with the West would lead to access to resources to enhance system capacity and law enforcement performance to fight cybercrimes.
Although researchers have examined sexual solicitation of minors online, there is limited research on the content and patterns of victim-offender chats. These chats have potential use in investigations for triaging and prioritising cases, enhancing understanding of offenders, developing treatments, and crafting education and policy to prevent sexual solicitation of minors online. As part of a broader effort on Internet crimes against children (ICAC), we examine offender chat logs, email threads, and social network posts from state and local task forces on ICAC for a sample of 200 offenders in communications with undercover officers. We use mixed-methods analyses to identify key elements in these cases and propose a typology of online solicitation offenders: cybersex-only offenders, schedulers, cybersex/schedulers, and buyers. These findings provide support and expansion of existing research on offender types using a larger and more geographically diverse sample. Implications for research, practice, and policy are discussed.
The subject of this article is global cybercrime. The relevance of the topic is increasing, as, globally, law enforcement agencies have noticed an increase in cyber crimes due to their use by organized individuals and criminal groups. The author comes to the conclusion that, in addition to the transformation of methods and techniques for committing cyber crimes, there is a change in the characteristics of cybercriminals themselves. In the article, the author notes that it is possible to observe major changes in the field of cyber threats against financial institutions and the emergence of new cybercriminal groups. Thus, even though there is consensus among most countries in the world as to the importance and relevance of combating cyber crime, which presupposes a constant and coordinated response, this problem in itself cannot be described within quantitative limits in the same way as various forms practical implementation. of cybercrime in the world cannot be described either.
Phishing was introduced in 1996, and now phishing is the biggest cybercrime challenge. Phishing is an abstract way to deceive users over the internet. Purpose of phishers is to extract the sensitive information of the user. Researchers have been working on solutions of phishing problem, but the parallel evolution of cybercrime techniques have made it a tough nut to crack. Recently, machine learning-based solutions are widely adopted to tackle the menace of phishing. This survey paper studies various feature selection method and dimensionality reduction methods and sees how they perform with machine learning-based classifier. The selection of features is vital for developing a good performance machine learning model. This work is comparing three broad categories of feature selection methods, namely filter, wrapper, and embedded feature selection methods, to reduce the dimensionality of data. The effectiveness of these methods has been assessed on several machine learning classifiers using k-fold cross-validation score, accuracy, precision, recall, and time.
Cyberbullying is a form of psychological abuse, which is very dangerous as the victims of cyberbullying, especially children and teenagers, suffer from many mental issues that could lead to suicide thoughts. Cyberbullying is also becoming a significant issue in the Middle East. Existing contributions for cyberbullying detection focus mainly on English language. This paper presents an approach to detect cyberbullying in Arabic Twitter streams in real-time. In addition, it classifies the bullying messages based on their strength. In case a cyberbullying message is detected, the system notifies the user and proposes a set of actions to take based on the strength of the bullying message. We demonstrate the relevance of the proposed approach by showing how it could be used by a parent to monitor his kids' activities and get notified in case a suspicious activity is detected. The experiments show that the proposed system was able to effectively identify the cyberbullying messages in near real-time.
In recent years, some aggressive actions against cyber-criminals and terrorists have come not only from state actors, but also from independent third parties such as Anonymous. These groups have claimed some significant victories in their battles against ISIS and similar organizations, by hacking their email, publicly exposing their secret communications, and knocking their websites offline. The hacker groups also combat other cyber criminals, including distributors of child pornography. Some of the groups' activities, however, violate the computer hacking laws of many nations. Some commentators have criticized these statutes, claiming that the laws unnecessarily prohibit private actors from serving the public good. In this Essay, I defend the broad prohibition of cyber-vigilantism, and argue that well-intentioned private actors can accomplish their goals by working with governments. I first review global jurisprudence, case studies, and academic commentary to explain why courts and policymakers historically have disfavoured vigilantism in other contexts, and I apply that reasoning to cyberspace. I explain that cyber-vigilantism can lead to several negative consequences, including the potential for abuse of the system, undercutting the legitimacy of democratic systems, and disproportionate punishments that are not necessarily effective. I then argue that instead of operating independently, these private groups can more effectively collaborate with governments and other private actors to fight threats in cyberspace. (C) 2016 Jeff Kosseff. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The escalating dependence on information technology for daily activities ensures that cybercrime cases continue unabated. Consequently, the role of cyber forensics investigators is becoming increasingly crucial in addressing the surge of cybercrime incidents. Live forensics investigation, a challenging facet of digital evidence investigation, confronts several limitations. This study focuses on the complexities associated with retrieving digital evidence from volatile memory during live forensics investigations, explicitly comparing the efficacy of extracting digital evidence from DDR2 and DDR3 Random Access Memory (RAM). This study aims to analyze and compare potential variations in evidence acquisition outcomes between the two RAM types by applying three distinct scenarios: identifying registry and network activities, catching malicious codes, and obtaining login passwords on Social Media. The results demonstrate that DDR2 RAM exhibits a lower propensity for concealing digital evidence during live forensics investigations compared to DDR3 RAM. The implications of these findings are discussed, along with suggestions for potential ramifications and avenues for future research.
"This paper explores how cyber threats are represented in Swedish newspapers. The sample comprises 1269 articles from three newspapers (Aftonbladet, Gateborgs-Posten, and Svenska Dagbladet) covering 25 years (1995-2019). The study provides a text-near and detailed analysis of the threats covered. The study analyzes these threats along several dimensions: their modality (e.g. unauthorized access or manipulation); to what extent ambiguous themes (e.g. attack, crime, and warfare) are specified in context; how cyber-threat coverage has changed over time; and the event orientation of the coverage, i.e. whether articles address topical events and, if so, which ones. There are five main findings. First, the Swedish newspaper cybersecurity discourse covers multiple threats; in total, 34 themes (present in at least 4% of articles) have been identified. Second, the representation of cyber threats varies in specificity. While generic themes such as attack and warfare are mostly specified in terms of their modality, they sometimes are not, leaving the representation vague. Third, this study, given its general approach, provides insights into media representations of particular cyber threats. For example, this study finds the meaning of hacking in the media to be more diversified and nuanced than previously assumed (e.g. as simply meaning computer breakin). Fourth, newspaper coverage of cyber threats has changed over time, in both quantity (i.e. the amount of coverage has increased) and quality, as three general trends have been observed: the state-ification and militarization of threats (i.e. increased attention to, e.g. nations and warfare as threats), the organization-ification of threats (i.e. increased attention to, e.g. government agencies and companies as threats), and the diversification and hyping of threats (i.e. cumulatively more threats are added to the cybersecurity discourse, although attention to particular threats is sometimes restricted in time). Finally, parallel to coverage of particular topical events (e.g. the I love you virus), newspaper representations of cyber threats largely exemplify amplification without the event, i.e. threats are covered without linking them to topical events, as is otherwise typical of news reports. The findings in relation to previous studies of cybersecurity discourse and the implications for informal learning and threat perception are discussed."
This article addresses the problem of international law enforcement within the War on Cyberterrorism. Hybrid conflicts have replaced the traditional ones, and new threats have emerged in cyberspace, which has become a virtual battlefield. Cyber threats - cybercrimes, cyberterrorism, cyberwarfare - are a major concern for Western governments, especially for the United States and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. The international community has begun to consider cyberattacks as a form of terrorism, to which the same measures apply. Because the term terrorism is ambiguous and legaly undefined, there is no consensus on a definition of the derivative term cyberterrorism, which is left to the unilateral interpretations of states. Pretending to consider the cyberspace domain as traditional domains, and claiming to apply IHL for the sole purpose of lawfully using armed forces in contrast to cyberterrorism is a stretch. This paper addresses the question of whether or not current laws of war and international humanitarian law apply to cyber domain, and gives some recommendations on how to tackle this issue.
Globe is developing rapidly, and the human and technology have become the heart and soul of each other. Now the era is of online platforms and social media. Cybercrimes are those crimes which are committed by the use of internet mainly. Cyber criminals are much more technologically advanced and smarter than the conventional criminals which makes it difficult for the relevant authorities to catch and penalize them. Despite the laws in force, the cyber criminals always keep trying to find the loop holes to sneak out and save themselves after committing the crimes. The present paper will elucidate the concept, elements and kinds of cybercrimes and will also analyze role of judiciary in fighting the cybercrimes. Further, the statistical data of cybercrimes is analyzed and certain astounding outcomes have been inculcated herein.
Proactive forensics uses the investigative principles of digital forensics to develop automated techniques that prevent cybercrime. One such prevention-minded methodology is PROFORMA, a prototype system that continuously evaluates the trustworthiness and risk of social communications.
Cybersecurity has been attracting a lot of attention lately in EU. Cybersecurity is a top priority as a necessary condition for EU's Digital Single Market. Recent EU and Greek activity in the field resulted in the current legislation on cybersecurity, which was adopted after a long law-making process aiming at the modernization of the institutional framework for combating cybercrime. This process brought forward significant as well as indispensable amendments. Full implementation of the newly voted texts demands various initiatives for the implementation of an institutional framework that will include inter alia the development of official structures and methods of response to events that threaten the security of information systems by criminal acts. This chapter analyses these, the new EU cybersecurity legislative framework with reference to its Greek implementation, and describes the major key players in combating cybercrime and traces the remaining challenges.
Illicit crypto-mining leverages resources stolen from victims to mine cryptocurrencies on behalf of criminals. While recent works have analyzed one side of this threat, i.e.: web-browser crypto-jacking, only commercial reports have partially covered binary-based crypto-mining malware. In this paper, we conduct the largest measurement of crypto-mining malware to date, analyzing approximately 4.5 million malware samples (1.2 million malicious miners), over a period of twelve years from 2007 to 2019. Our analysis pipeline applies both static and dynamic analysis to extract information from the samples, such as wallet identifiers and mining pools. Together with OSINT data, this information is used to group samples into campaigns. We then analyze publicly-available payments sent to the wallets from mining-pools as a reward for mining, and estimate profits for the different campaigns. All this together is is done in a fully automated fashion, which enables us to leverage measurement-based findings of illicit crypto-mining at scale. Our profit analysis reveals campaigns with multi-million earnings, associating over 4.4% of Monero with illicit mining. We analyze the infrastructure related with the different campaigns, showing that a high proportion of this ecosystem is supported by underground economies such as Pay-Per-Install services. We also uncover novel techniques that allow criminals to run successful campaigns.
Due to the advancement in industry 4.0, cybercrimes in internet-based business applications are rapidly increasing. To encounter such attacks, the intruders use various tools and techniques such as Phishing, Malware, SQL Injection, Ransomware, Cross-Site Scripting (XSS), Denial of Service (DoS), Session Hijacking, and Credential Reuse. Phishing is most commonly in practice in the current digital era. Phishing is a fraudulent attempt to obtain sensitive information from deceiving users. These types of cyber-attacks are used to harm individuals or entire businesses depending on the targeted objective of the attacker. To combat these attacks, the research community provides various phishing detection techniques. In this article, we classify state-of-the-art fishing detection techniques in five major categories, that are, (1) Data Mining, Deep Learning & Machine Learning-Based Approach, (2) Search Engine-Based Approach, (3) URL Scan-Based Approach, (4) Blacklisting-Whitelisting Approach, and (5) Visual Similarity-Based Approach. Further, a comparative analysis is provided within each category concerning their strength and weaknesses. Moreover, the article provides phishing prevention best practices to the readers to avoid such attacks.
In September 2019, 600 armed German cops seized the physical premise of a Bulletproof Hoster (BPH) referred to as CyberBunker 2.0. The hoster resided in a decommissioned NATO bunker and advertised to host everything but child porn and anything related to terrorism while keeping servers online no matter what. While the anatomy, economics and interconnection-level characteristics of BPHs are studied, their traffic characteristics are unknown. In this poster, we present the first analysis of domains, web pages, and traffic captured at a major tier-1 ISP and a large IXP at the time when the CyberBunker was in operation. Our study sheds light on traffic characteristics of a BPH in operation. We show that a traditional BGP-based BPH identification approach cannot detect the CyberBunker, but find characteristics from a domain and traffic perspective that can add to future identification approaches.
The recent introduction of thousands of cryptocurrencies in an unregulated environment has created many opportunities for unscrupulous traders to profit from price manipulation. We quantify the scope of one widespread tactic, the ''pump and dump, in which actors coordinate to bid up the price of coins before selling at a profit. We joined all relevant channels on two popular group-messaging platforms, Telegram and Discord, and identified thousands of different pumps targeting hundreds of coins. We find that pumps are modestly successful in driving short-term price rises, but that this effect has diminished over time. We also find that the most successful pumps are those that are most transparent about their intentions. Combined with evidence of concentration among a small number of channels, we conclude that regulators have an opportunity to effectively crack down on this illicit activity that threatens broader adoption of blockchain technologies.
Recent advancements in Cyber Security have amalgamated the strengths of Artificial Intelligence and Human Intelligence for Intrusion Detection. The colossal increase in the volume of new malware generated everyday and the constant risk of zero day attacks demand research for a robust malware detection system. Significant research has gone into exploring the use of Machine Learning and Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). There has been a transition from using Malware byte information for Machine Learning and Deep Learning based methods to using an Image based Intrusion Detection system for better assessment of the malware file. Though CNNs have helped in capturing local features, Attention based mechanisms play a vital role in detecting structural changes in malware. In this paper, we have explored the use of Residual Attention for malware detection and have compared this with the existing CNN based methods and conventional Machine Learning algorithms using GIST features. The proposed method could efficiently focus the 'attention' to precisely those sections of the malware which were significant in being distinguished from benign files, thus reducing the False Positives which is primary from the Accessibility point of view in Cyber Security. The method is robust against structural changes in malware and has outperformed traditional malware detection methods by demonstrating an accuracy of 99.25%.
This study examines the perceptions of police constables and sergeants across England and Wales regarding the nature of cybercrimes, their frequency, and any time spent investigating these offences each week. Though previous research has examined line officer views and police management in the US, there is limited research examining how constables view online crimes as they are being directed to address them through national policy, and through local demands from the citizens they serve. The results demonstrated that constables engaged with online offences in the field, though they differ on the nature of online crimes and their impact on the general public. They also viewed online crimes as frequent problems, though they spend a relatively small proportion of their time each week responding to these cases.
"Communication over the internet has removed historical and social challenges such as distance, noise, or prolonged delivery time, thus, moving communication from the physical space to cyberspace. It has led to an increase in the use of the internet to commit hate crimes. The impact of hateful crimes is documented in the literature, with limited success stories on currently deployed intervention. A framework that classifies the harmful effect of Cyberhate is proposed. It aims to enrich our knowledge of the harm from Cyberhate crimes, enhance existing intervention, and provide harm metrics to prosecute cyberhate offenders. To date, limited research has quantified the harmful impact of Cyberhate crime; hence, understanding the harm from Cyberhate would provide a new perspective, with the harm concepts an area argued to currently being understudied."
There is a lack of research on gang members' online behavior. The present study addresses this shortcoming by examining how gang members proactively use the Internet. Data were collected by means of in-depth, semistructured interviews with gang members. In addition, based on reports of gang members, the analysis focused on their group activity on the web. The findings reveal that the Internet does neither play a role in gang formation nor promote considerable changes in group traditional delinquency. However, it does influence socializing processes: Youths who have high-level computer knowledge provide guidance to others, which increases online delinquency. Moreover, the level of computer skills is a key factor in gang involvement in cybercrime: for gangs with members who have high-level computer skills, online delinquency becomes a routine part of the gang's life, and interaction with other groups around the globe facilitates their involvement in cybercrime.
Digital forensics-related investigations have been a relative competitive research area by the computer specialists or law enforcement agency officers to confirm or refuse the assumptions with respect to the cybercrime scenes. WeChat is one of the most popular instant messaging application programs in contemporary age. While applying WeChat, there is precious information deposited in the computing devices that could be supportive evidences in a court of law. Hence, this research is focusing on the application of WeChat on the desktop PC under Windows 7 by means of the acquisition of volatile digital evidences in order to provide supporting information for some cybercrime cases. This paper provides generic investigation methods conducting forensic sound analysis on WeChat from the aspect of data volatility of the computing devices. By means of the proposed methodologies, the digital forensics specialists should be able to gather critical digital traces to confirm the previous actions of a WeChat user or even to reconstruct the crime scene to prove the suspect is guilty or innocent in a court of law. Copyright (C) 2017 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Gathering evidence in cybercrime is a complex process. Under this premise, it is very important to have cutting-edge methodologies that allow the observation of criminal phenomena on the Internet and protect the personal integrity of the investigator, especially when the content is extremely critical and is located in the so-called dark zone of the Internet (hereinafter Dark Web). This article develops a new research methodology in the field of cybercrime based on the use of honeypots, and its main objective is to evaluate the ability to de-anonymize users in the Tor network to collect geographic coordinates and demographic data on the Dark Web in order to obtain digital evidence related to minors sexual (CSEM) offenders. The information collected aims to map the consumption of CSEM through cartograms, with a particular focus on the Spanish territory. The outcomes demonstrate the ability of using honeypots to assess the prevalence of CSEM consumption on the Dark Web. Future improvements of the methodology will be discussed.
Since financial institutions are leading targets of cyber attacks, the article's main goal is to show that without dedicated action, the global financial system will only be-come more vulnerable as innovation, competition, and the pandemic further fuel the digital revolution. Also, the cost of cybercrime at financial institutions outpaces the cost of cy-bercrime in other industries. For example, according to a 2019 private study, the per-company cost of cybercrime is over $18 million for financial services companies, around 40% higher than the average cost for other sectors. If the en-tire system fails to address cybersecurity concerns adequately, this could lead to systemic risk - the risk that a cybersecurity incident would destabilize the financial system. The article considers the level of protection of confidential information in financial enterprises and the means of combating data leaks. In addition, the question of the need for an information technology audit, especially a cybersecurity audit, is raised.
In this paper we describe the roadmapping methodology we developed in the context of the CyberROAD EU FP7 project, whose aim is to develop a research roadmap for cybercrime and cyber terrorism. To this aim we built on state-of-the-art methodologies and available guidelines, including related projects, and adapted them to the peculiarities of our roadmapping subject. In particular, its distinctive feature is that cybercrime and cyber terrorism co-evolve with their contextual environment (i.e., technology, society, politics and economy), which poses specific challenges to a roadmapping effort. Our approach can become a best practice in the field of cybersecurity, and can be also generalised to phenomena that exhibit a similar, strong co-evolution with their contextual environment. We aim to describe here the roadmapping methodology that will lead to the roadmap but not the roadmap itself (this one being, incidentally, still under construction at the time of writing this paper).
Coping with cybercrime in the scope of increasingly open and interconnected systems is a difficult challenge. DevSecOps provide an adequate framework to keep in control of this perpetual race. We show here how it can be efficiently supported by an internal model-based analysis and automation approach together with the external threat intelligence sharing.
Growth of cyber attacks is rapidly increasing in the entire world. To provide prevention from these attacks is a great challenge for the experts. Intruders are keep on adapting new methods and techniques to carry out their malicious goals. Phishing plays a dominant role in the field of web attacks and it has been used as a weapon by the attackers. In this paper we have given two algorithmic approaches to the problem of Phishing identification with reduced number of attributes. It makes this approach simple yet efficient. The first algorithm assigns weight to all attributes with respect to uniform resource locators. We have employed various analysis mechanism to identify significant role of selected attributes for the purpose of Phishing identification. The second approach takes former's output as input and classifies the uniform resource locators labeling as phishing or non phishing. The experimental work verifies that the approach for phishing detection proposed in this paper can attain a high accuracy in comparison to existing algorithms.
Web applications provide information for various private organizations and public sectors. The flaws in web-based application and database can also be utilized for malicious SQL statements. Aggressors often exploit SQL injection (SQLi) flaws during an input validation of web applications to infect database servers and launch cyber-attacks. SQLi attacks derive from the execution of an untrusted input and make the program execute unintended codes with administrative privileges. Website administrators should mitigate SQLi vulnerabilities and LEAs should find a better way to collect relevant evidence. This paper proposes a framework of SQLi Investigation Architecture (SIA) and proves its feasibility in fighting against of SQLi attacks. An effective and efficient approach is also proposed to prosecute SQLi aggressors and keep them away from abusing the database.
Forensic investigations increasingly leverage artificial intelligence (AI/ML) to identify illegal activities on bitcoin. bitcoin transactions have an original graph (network) structure, which is sophisticated and yet informative. However, machine learning applications on bitcoin have given limited attention to developing end-to-end deep learning frameworks that are modeled to exploit the bitcoin graph structure. To identify illegal transactions on bitcoin, the current paper extracts nineteen features from the bitcoin network and proposes a deep learning-based graph neural network model using spectral graph convolutions and transaction features. The proposed model is compared with two state-of-the-art techniques, viz., a graph attention network (GAT2) and an extreme gradient boosted decision tree (XGBOOST) trained on convoluted features for classification of illegal transactions on bitcoin. To understand the efficacy of the proposed model, a dataset is collected consisting of 13310125 transactions of 2059 entities having 3152202 bitcoin account addresses and belonging to 28 categories of users. Two sets of experiments are performed on the datasets: labeling transactions as legal or illegal (binary classification) and identifying the originator of the transaction to one of the twenty-eight types of entities (multi-class classification). For fast and accurate decisions, binary classification is appropriate, and for pinpointing the category of bitcoin users, a multi-class classifier is suitable. On both the tasks, the proposed models achieved a maximum of 92% accuracy, validating the methodology and suitability of the model for real-world deployment.
Based on the history of terrorism, its concept and methods of counter-acting it in Russia, the authors research the problems of an active incorporation of modern information-telecommunication technologies in all spheres of social life, manifested in the emergence of considerable risks and threats to public safety. These technologies are analyzed as a means that provides terrorists with extra opportunities for involving new people in their criminal activities, for radicalization, illegal financing, creation of an attractive image of terrorism, new ways of committing, planning, organizing and coordinating terrorist groups in a remote mode, as well as for the collection and transfer of information, etc. These technologies are studied as a powerful instrument of manipulating public conscience and behavior that can effectively influence the public opinion and create a public image of the all-powerfulness of terror. The goal of this research is to study the concept of terrorism, its history in Russia, its causes and conditions, as well as to provide theoretical recommendations for its prevention. The method of content analysis of the works of Russian and foreign authors is used to achieve this goal. The key results of this work consist in identifying the causes of the emergence and spread of terrorism at different historical stages, as well as the system of informational counteraction to terrorism. The authors con-clude that counteracting terrorism in the conditions of digitization through a prohibi-tion of internet content with unlawful information is not fully possible and that such counteraction should be aimed at influencing the world view and legal conscience of people to eliminate the support for terrorism. The novelty of the work consists in the authors' identification of the causes of terrorism, the development of suggestions aimed at counteracting terrorism in the conditions of the digitization of criminality and presented as various projects and actions that should be implemented on the territory of the whole country.
Compromising social network accounts has become a profitable course of action for cybercriminals. By hijacking control of a popular media or business account, attackers can distribute their malicious messages or disseminate fake information to a large user base. The impacts of these incidents range from a tarnished reputation to multi-billion dollar monetary losses on financial markets. In our previous work, we demonstrated how we can detect large-scale compromises (i.e., so-called campaigns) of regular online social network users. In this work, we show how we can use similar techniques to identify compromises of individual high-profile accounts. High-profile accounts frequently have one characteristic that makes this detection reliable-they show consistent behavior over time. We show that our system, were it deployed, would have been able to detect and prevent three real-world attacks against popular companies and news agencies. Furthermore, our system, in contrast to popular media, would not have fallen for a staged compromise instigated by a US restaurant chain for publicity reasons.
With the growth of Web 2.0, online communication and social networks are emerging. This alternation helps users to share their information and collaborate with each other easily. In addition, these internet services help establish new connections between persons or reinforce existing ones. However, they can also lead to misbehaviors or cyber criminal acts for example, cyberbullying. At the same time, it can make children and adolescents to use the technologies for the intention of harming another person. Due to the negative effect of cyberbullying, some techniques and methods are proposed to overcome this problem. This paper illustrates a survey covering some methods and challenges in cyberbullying. Next, we offer suggestions for continued research in this area.
Cybercriminals use a variation of techniques to fleece their digital footprints, that creates a barrier for law enforcement agencies to impossibly catch and prosecute them. With the known universal truth that whenever a machine tries to connect in adversely to target system. The victim's machine can see only requests coming from the proxy or the VPN server. Now as VPN hides IP addresses it leads the network to be redirected through some special configured remote server which are run by a VPN host. As its consequences, the user's digital footprint is hidden. the footprint of a VPN server is received by the receiver. This challenges the entire organization or one's personal system to be in risk. One such solution to the problem is to design Honeypot system that will trace an IP address running behind VPN/proxy servers. The machine learning algorithm will able to trace the actual IP address with ISP details. The paper discusses a detection mechanism that will dupe the attackers. Showing inability in locating and identifying real honeypot file. The methods were tested on various platforms and technique outperform in detecting attacker's system smartly using machine learning.
In the cryptocurrency Bitcoin, users can deterministically derive the private keys used for transmitting money from a password. Such brain wallets are appealing because they free users from storing their private keys on untrusted computers. Unfortunately, they also enable attackers to conduct unlimited offline password guessing. In this paper, we report on the first large-scale measurement of the use of brain wallets in Bitcoin. Using a wide range of word lists, we evaluated around 300 billion passwords. Surprisingly, after excluding activities by researchers, we identified just 884 brain wallets worth around $100K in use from September 2011 to August 2015. We find that all but 21 wallets were drained, usually within 24 h but often within minutes. We find that around a dozen drainers are competing to liquidate brain wallets as soon as they are funded. We find no evidence that users of brain wallets loaded with more bitcoin select stronger passwords, but we do find that brain wallets with weaker passwords are cracked more quickly.
We investigate the practice of websites selling counterfeit goods. We inspect web search results for 225 queries across 25 brands. We devise a binary classifier that predicts whether a given website is selling counterfeits by examining automatically extracted features such as WHOIS information, pricing and website content. We then apply the classifier to results collected between January and August 2014. We find that, overall, 32% of search results point to websites selling fakes. For 'complicit' search terms, such as replica rolex, 39% of the search results point to fakes, compared to 20% for 'innocent' terms, such as hermes buy online. Using a linear regression, we find that brands with a higher street price for fakes have higher incidence of counterfeits in search results, but that brands who take active countermeasures such as filing DMCA requests experience lower incidence of counterfeits in search results. Finally, we study how the incidence of counterfeits evolves over time, finding that the fraction of search results pointing to fakes remains remarkably stable.
"The term 'Cloud' is a misnomer that diverts attention from the level of conceptual clarification that is needed to understand the implications of cloud technologies upon criminal behavior, crime analysis and also law enforcement. Cloud technologies have increased computing power and storage capacity whilst reducing the cost of computing; all are qualities that have not been lost on criminals who have been using them to commit DDoS attacks, Data theft, mass spam attacks and other mass cyber-dependent crimes. This paper offers a framework for conceptualising cybercrimes in the cloud (cloud crimes) and for understanding how they drive offenders and affect victims. It also outlines the key challenges for law enforcement."
The increase in number and types of various stakeholders interacting with self-driving vehicles expands the relevant automotive cybersecurity attack vectors that can be compromised. Furthermore, given the prominent role that human behavior plays in the lifetime of a vehicle, social and human-based factors must be considered in tandem with the technical factors when addressing cybersecurity. A focus on informing and enabling stakeholders and their corresponding actions promotes security of the vehicle through a human-focused and technology-enabled approach. Example stakeholders include the consumer operating the vehicle, the technicians working on the car, and the engineers designing the software. Strategies can be applied in both a social and technical manner to increase preventative security measures for autonomous vehicles by leveraging theoretical foundations from the criminology domain. In this work we harness a criminology theory approach to crime prevention, where we synergistically combine cybercrime theory, human factors, and technical solutions to develop a cybercrime prevention framework that accounts for a range of stakeholders relevant to an autonomous vehicle domain.
"Psychological and other persuasive mechanisms across diverse contexts are well researched, with many studies of the effectiveness of specific persuasive techniques on distinct types of human behaviour. In the present paper, our specific interest lies in the development of a generalized modular psychometric tool to measure individuals' susceptibility to persuasion. The scale is constructed using items from previously developed and validated particulate scales established in the domains of social psychology and behavioural economics. In the first study we establish the Susceptibility to Persuasion II (StP-II) scale, containing 54 items, 10 subscales and further 6 sub-sub scales. In Study 2 we establish the scale's construct validity and reconfirm its reliability. We present a valid and reliable modular psychometric tool that measures general susceptibility to persuasive techniques. Since its inception, we have successfully implemented the StP-II scale to measure susceptibility to persuasion of IT security officers, the role of psychology of persuasion in cybercrime victims and general persuadability levels of Facebook users; these manuscripts are in preparation. We argue that the StP-II scale shows promise in measuring individual differences in susceptibility to persuasion, and is applicable across diverse contexts such as Internet security and cybercrime."
Smart mobile phones are, nowadays, in wide use and day by day they are transformed into an essential part of everyday life, for business and for entertainment alike. Mobile Networks have been implemented in order to serve these needs. Unfortunately there are many users who want to use the benefits that technology gives to them for malicious and/or illegal actions. In this paper we present and analyze a hypothetical (but realistic) cybercrime investigation scenario. According to this, a user who has wireless internet access using a mobile phone through a University's network facilities, visits sites with pornographic content. A fact that complicates the analysis of the scenario is that the user employs anti-forensics techniques (e. g. data encryption). In this paper we show how to apply to the investigation of this scenario (as well as similar ones) a number of widely available open source forensics analysis tools overcoming the anti-forensics efforts of malicious users. Our goal is to demonstrate their applicability to cybercrime forensics and their capability to operate in a complementary, to each other, way so that their deployment sheds light to different aspects of the case at hand.
"Few studies have examined crime on Snapchat despite its popularity and growing accounts of victimization occurring on the application. This study addresses this gap in knowledge by conducting a rapid review of crime on Snapchat across 18 databases. The findings indicate this area is under-researched, with only 35 articles eligible for inclusion and five focusing solely on crime on Snapchat. Nevertheless, eleven types of crimes were identified as occurring on Snapchat, including: blackmail; the sharing of private, sexual material without consent; grooming/solicitation of minors; stalking; posting threatening, intimidating or harassing material; hate crime; sharing offensive, menacing or obscene content; obtaining illicit goods; identity theft; fraud; and hacking. The findings additionally revealed some patterns in offending and victimization that are also discussed."
With a dynamic business environment and the development of information technology, managers have to make the right decisions that give them an advantage in the competitive market. Enterprises operate in the era of the threat of cyber-attacks, where it is important to quickly and efficiently respond to incidents. Ensuring information security has become a strategic necessity for all entrepreneurs. Identification of needs, achieving an appropriate level and maintaining and improving information security is an essential element to maintain a competitive market position, financial liquidity, profitability, compliance with legal requirements, and a positive corporate image. Protecting information is, therefore, a prerequisite for the operation of enterprises. The article indicates the important role played by ensuring information security in enterprises. The state of activities in the field of ensuring data and information security in the SME sector was determined based on the conducted research.
The continuing adoption of technologies by the general public coupled with the expanding reliance of critical infrastructures connected through the Internet has created unique opportunities for attacks by civilians and nation-states alike. Although governments are increasingly focusing on policies to deter nation-state level attacks, it is unclear what factors may affect citizens' decisions to engage in politically motivated cyber crime attacks against either a foreign nation-state or their own homeland. Thus, this study will explore the factors that may affect individual willingness to use technology to attack critical infrastructure online or offline using an international sample of college students. The findings compare the correlates of physical and virtual attacks, including political outlook, group equality, and involvement in cyber deviance. The implications of this research on the relationship between on- and offline infrastructure attacks will be explored in depth for policy makers, governmental agencies, and law enforcement.
The Apple iPad is a popular tablet device presented by Apple in early 2010. The idiosyncracies of this new portable device and the kind of data it may store open new opportunities in the field of computer forensics. Given that its design, both internal and external, is very similar to the iPhone, the current easiest way to obtain a forensic image is to install an SSH server and some tools, dump its internal storage and transfer it to a remote host via wireless networking. This approach may require up to 20 hours. In this paper, we present a novel approach that takes advantage of an undocumented feature so that it is possible to use a cheap iPad accessory, the Camera Connection Kit, to image the disk to an external hard drive attached via USB connection, greatly reducing the required time. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The availability of massive amounts of data, fast computers, and superior machine learning (ML) algorithms has spurred interest in artificial intelligence (AI). It is no surprise, then, that we observe an increase in the application of AI in cybersecurity. Our survey of AI applications in cybersecurity shows most of the present applications are in the areas of malware identification and classification, intrusion detection, and cybercrime prevention. We should, however, be aware that AI-enabled cybersecurity is not without its drawbacks. Challenges to AI solutions include a shortage of good quality data to train machine learning models, the potential for exploits via adversarial AI/ML, and limited human expertise in AI. However, the rewards in terms of increased accuracy of cyberattack predictions, faster response to cyberattacks, and improved cybersecurity make it worthwhile to overcome these challenges. We present a summary of the current research on the application of AI and ML to improve cybersecurity, challenges that need to be overcome, and research opportunities for academics in management information systems.
The term 'cloud computing' has begun to enter the lexicon of the legal world. The term is not new, but the implications for obtaining and retaining evidence in electronic format for the resolution of civil disputes and the prosecution of alleged criminal activities might be significantly affected in the future by 'cloud' computing. This article is an exploratory essay in assessing the effect that 'cloud' computing might have on evidence in digital format in criminal proceedings in the jurisdiction of England & Wales. (C) 2011 Stephen Mason and Esther George. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Digital data include financial documents and medical records, where security is not guaranteed. Unfortunately, cybercrime has developed for several multimedia applications. To overcome cybercrime, forensic analysis is applied. However, an increasing amount of mal-ware is embedded in video payloads, and to minimize this amount, pseudo arbitrary permutation of movable Haar wavelet coefficients (PAP-MHWC) was developed. Pseudo arbitrary permutation using a secret key is permutated to decrease the probability of malware and reduce the distortion rate. Forensic security collects log file information as verification. Haar wavelet coefficients are a sequence of square-shaped functions used in a Fourier analysis to identify cyber forensic regions in video files. Such coefficients enable working with increasingly complex files by decomposing them into various positions and scales. Video frame overlapping is removed using a translation-invariance wavelet transform, thereby improving the forensic security rate. Experiment results show that the proposed PAP-MHWC method achieves a better performance in terms of malware detection accuracy, false-positive ratio, malware detection time, and malware crime probability rate than previous methods. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
This paper discusses the current issues and proposes legal remedies for removing the barriers to gathering cross-border electronic evidence in crime investigation. Crime and cyber-crime have a huge influence on our modern economy as the yearly damage is estimated to cost hundreds of billions of USD. Efficient fight against cybercrime in the interconnected society faces several barriers due to the inconsistent understanding in cross-border e-evidence search, the legality of the data sought, and the rules for cooperation with the service providers of communication services. The paper evaluates the current legal scene and the existing regulative enabling collection of cross-border electronic evidence. The attitudes and the views towards the current legal instruments enabling efficient cybercrime and crime investigation and cross-border e-evidence collection among the legal practitioners are analysed based on empirical data collected with two surveys. Answers to the research questions 'if the barriers for cross-border access to e-evidence can be removed with new regulation' are provided by analysing both the survey results and the new EU regulation for investigation, production and preservation orders.
There are minimal studies have attempted to shed light on the reality of the challenges and as such, the present paper brings forth studies identifying, quantifying, and prioritizing the challenges to motivate future authors to focus on the issues affecting the domain. Accordingly, a survey was conducted among researchers and practitioners (at the level of law enforcement and organizations) in order to investigate actual challenges and differentiate them from perceived challenges for the purpose of providing insight into the effects upon digital forensic domain in the near future. The study provided and collated a compact survey of the top significant challenges highlighted in the design/development of modern digital forensics tools. The study contributes to the identification of the important, mid- and long-term opportunities and issues that need to be taken into account by the security experts and network forensics in the field investigations fields.
The global increase in violence against women during the COVID-19 pandemic has been termed the 'shadow pandemic'. A study by Ravindran and Shah analysed evidence of violence against women in Indian society and find that, under strict lockdown rules, domestic violence and cybercrime complaints increased, whereas rape and sexual assault decreased.
Nowadays, big data analytics has been widely applied in addressing the growing cybercrime threats. However, energy consumption is explosive increasing with the fast growth of big data processing in anti-cybercrime. In this paper, an energy-efficient framework for big data applications is proposed to reduce energy consumption while satisfying deadline constrains. First, the problem of energy-efficient tasks scheduling of a single Spark job is modeled as an integer program. We design an energy-efficient tasks scheduling algorithm to minimize the energy consumption for big data application in Spark. To avoid service-level agreement violations for execution time, we propose an optimal task scheduling algorithm with deadline constrains by tradingoff execution time and energy consumption. Experiments on a Spark cluster are performed to determine the energy consumption and execution time for several workloads from the HiBench benchmark suite. Our algorithms consume less energy on average than FIFO and FAIR under deadlines. The optimal algorithm is able to find near optimal tasks schedules to trade off energy consumed and response time benefit in small shuffle partitions.
Data collected from a sample of Spanish non-university students (N = 4174) were used to identify unique situational profiles of self-identified repeated online harassment victims and offenders, through a Conjunctive Analysis of Case Configurations (CACC). Repeat victim and offender profiles were constructed using individual-level factors and variables related to the cyber places where students go online and their personal information they share while there. Clustering analysis demonstrates that students spent their time online in few situational contexts where online harassment occurs. Dominant situational profiles of students are then provided, along with their associated probabilities for experiencing repeat victimization or committing repeat offending, identifying those at relatively higher and lower risk. Results show that composite profiles associated with victims of repeated online harassment are dissimilar to those associated with offenders of repeated online harassment, suggesting that each form of online harassment occurs in different situational contexts and therefore requires different preventative measures. Our findings are discussed in terms of criminological theory, future online harassment research, cybercrime prevention, and policy implications.
The advent of Bitcoin was heralded as an innovation in the global monetary system, that could bring down transaction fees by circumventing the need for third parties and conduct transactions in real time. The divisibility of a blockchain cryptocurrency to even fractions of a cent, caused microtransactions to become feasible to formerly non-existent denominations. These microtransactions have spurred the development of novel ways of monetizing online resources and hold the potential to aid in alleviation of poverty. The paper conducts a feasibility study on Stellar as a blockchain-based micropayment system. It highlights the limitations in Stellar that impedes its progress and utilizes a characterization model for micropayment systems to evaluate the efficacy of the Stellar platform. The paper conducts a comparison with the micropayment solutions from Bitcoin, Ethereum and PayPal. The paper analyzes a subset of transactions from the Stellar blockchain to aid in drawing a conclusion on the undertaken study and elaborates on the mitigation tools to enable fraud prevention in online monetary transactions.
"Bitcoin has enjoyed wider adoption than any previous cryptocurrency; yet its success has also attracted the attention of fraudsters who have taken advantage of operational insecurity and transaction irreversibility. We study the risk that investors face from the closure of Bitcoin exchanges, which convert between Bitcoins and hard currency. We examine the track record of 80 Bitcoin exchanges established between 2010 and 2015. We find that nearly half (38) have since closed, with customer account balances sometimes wiped out. Fraudsters are sometimes to blame, but not always. Twenty-five exchanges suffered security breaches, 15 of which subsequently closed. We present logistic regressions using longitudinal data on Bitcoin exchanges aggregated quarterly. We find that experiencing a breach is correlated with a 13 times greater odds that an exchange will close in that same quarter. We find that higher-volume exchanges are less likely to close (each doubling in trade volume corresponds to a 12% decrease in the odds of closure). We also find that exchanges that derive most of their business from trading less popular (fiat) currencies, which are offered by at most one competitor, are less likely to close."
Extensive prior research has examined the effect of low self-control on delinquency, as well as whether this effect is moderated by criminal opportunity. The purpose of our study is to examine whether these relationships can be extended to cyberbullying as an outcome. In doing so, we discuss ways in which key theoretical arguments and common measurement strategies must be modified in order to apply to cyberbullying. Using data from a nationally representative sample of South Korean youth, the analysis reveals that low self-control is, indeed, a significant predictor of cyberbullying. Moreover, we find that the effect of low self-control on cyberbullying is amplified by criminal opportunity, but only when opportunity is measured in a manner that specifically refers to the usage of social media. In contrast, opportunity as traditionally measured has no moderating effect. We suggest several avenues for future research, and conclude that studies of cybercrime must pay careful attention to conceptualizing and operationalizing key concepts with specific regard to the differences between cybercrime and traditional forms of offending.
Illegal booter services offer denial of service (DoS) attacks for a fee of a few tens of dollars a month. Internationally, police have implemented a range of different types of intervention aimed at those using and offering booter services, including arrests and website takedown. In order to measure the impact of these interventions we look at the usage reports that booters themselves provide and at measurements of reflected UDP DoS attacks, leveraging a five year measurement dataset that has been statistically demonstrated to have very high coverage. We analysed time series data (using a negative binomial regression model) to show that several interventions have had a statistically significant impact on the number of attacks. We show that, while there is no consistent effect of highly-publicised court cases, takedowns of individual booters precede significant, but short-lived, reductions in recorded attack numbers. However, more wide-ranging disruptions have much longer effects. The closure of HackForums' booter market reduced attacks for 13 weeks globally (and for longer in particular countries) and the FBI's coordinated operation in December 2018, which involved both takedowns and arrests, reduced attacks by a third for at least 10 weeks and resulted in lasting change to the structure of the booter market.
Online romance fraud is a form of cybercrime that has pervasive consequence on both individuals and organizations. As against previous studies that predominantly focus on male scammers, this study examines the influence of sociocultural experiences and technological modalities on women's involvement in online romance fraud in Tamale, Ghana. The study employs a blend of feminist criminology and Cressey's Fraud Triangle Theory to gain a more comprehensive understanding of the engagement of women in the scamming phenomenon in this region. Employing the experiences of fifteen (15) female scammers, the results show that sociocultural backgrounds of female scammers, combined with the internet's inherent opportunities, play a pivotal role in determining the engagement. The sociocultural background of women, coupled with the technological nature of the act, plays a significant role in driving their engagement in these illicit activities: motivation to offend and opportunity through social relationships. This study emphasizes how technological pathways enhance the opportunities available to women, highlighting the ways in which the digital landscape of such frauds potentially allows women to evade legal and societal repercussions. In conclusion, this study highlights the need for a comprehensive approach that considers both the technological aspects and the underlying societal constructs that facilitate them.
The economic-financial crime is a complex phenomenon, with major impacts at the level of society, business environment, public institutions and it is evolving rapidly, being able to constantly adapt to current realities. The COVID-19 crisis has completely changed aspects of everyday life, but it has had effects on criminal financial behaviour, which seeks new ways to explore the current vulnerabilities of the business environment and institutions. International organizations are on the alert and are constantly looking for new tools to fight the crimes and to counteract the effects, for example Europol has constitute the European Financial and Economic Crime Center. The purpose of this article is to present the methods of financial economic crime that effects the society, the business environment and institutions such as: bribery, corruption, money laundering, fraud, cyber-attacks, the impact and the ways that the offenders adapt to the current realities and during the pandemic COVID-19.
This work presents an overview of some of the tools that cybercriminals employ to trade securely. It will look at the weaknesses of these tools and how the behavior of cybercriminals will sometimes lead them to use tools in a nonoptimal manner, creating opportunities for law enforcement to identify and apprehend them. The criminal domain this article focuses on is carding, the online trade in stolen payment card details and the consequent criminal misuse of such data. However, these findings could be applied more broadly, as many of the analyzed tools are used across (cyber) criminal domains. This article is a continuation of earlier work, in which a crime script analysis of 25 carding tutorials presented the tools that cybercriminals use to cash-out stolen payment card details while remaining anonymous. We use these tutorials and an analysis of the literature to identify how they can be used incorrectly and create a typology of potential behavioral and technological pitfalls in these tools. Finally, we conclude that finding pitfalls in the usage of tools by cybercriminals has the potential to increase the efficiency of disruption, interception, and prevention approaches. However, in future work, interviews with law enforcement experts and convicted cybercriminals or still active users should be used to analyze the operational security of cybercriminals in more depth.
This work briefly (An extended version can be found at https://kar.kent.ac.uk/id/eprint/63502) examines some of the most relevant Bitcoin Laundry Services, commonly known as tumblers or mixers, and studies their main features to try to answer some fundamental questions including their security, popularity, transaction volume, and generated revenue. Our research aims to inform both legitimate users and Law Enforcement about the characteristics and limitations of these services.
This study suggests implement issues for safe distribution in the viewpoints of governments, businesses and people as stakeholders according to transborder flows of personal information in managerial aspects and institutional aspects. This study is to choose the best policy for international cooperation system against cybercrime focused on the information management and information communication technology.
Collecting data on underground criminal communities is highly valuable both for security research and security operations. Unfortunately these communities live within a constellation of diverse online forums that are difficult to infiltrate, may adopt crawling monitoring countermeasures, and require the development of ad-hoc scrapers for each different community, making the endeavour increasingly technically challenging, and potentially expensive. To address this problem we propose THREAT/crawl, a method and prototype tool for a highly reusable crawler that can learn a wide range of (arbitrary) forum structures, can remain under-the-radar during the crawling activity and can be extended and configured at the user will. We showcase THREAT/crawl capabilities and provide prime evaluation of our prototype against a range of active, live, underground communities.
With the sharp increase of hacking attacks over the last couple of years, web application security has become a key concern. SQL injection is one of the most common types of web hacking and has been widely written and used in the wild. This paper analyzes the principle of SQL injection attacks on Web sites, presents methods available to prevent IIS + ASP + MSSQL web applications from these kinds of attacks, including secure coding within the web application, proper database configuration, deployment of IIS. The result is verified by WVS report.
Bitcoin is a new form of global digital currency based on peer-to-peer network, enabling a new payment system, and also a completely decentralised cryptocurrency. The P2P network consists of a digital file listing transactions like a ledger, a copy of which is also maintained on every computer on the network, and the transactions are also broadcasted in the public ledger of the Bitcoin network. Anonymity is the core feature that makes Bitcoin popular among people around the world. This feature is attained through the Bitcoin addresses in the public ledger, which represents the users in the Bitcoin network. Because of the illicit use of Bitcoins, the level of anonymity has reduced even though the users are still using the anonymizers like TOR to keep the anonymity stronger to connect to the Bitcoin network. In this paper, we analyse the complete process of transaction of Bitcoins and the anonymity thatlies in that process. The study also focuses on finding the forensic artefacts and the investigative way of approach towards the Bitcoin using forensic tools. The forensic tools are used to analyse the web browser activities, local drive, hard disk image, cookies, downloads and session data related to Bitcoins. The attacker can relate the transaction of the users and can control the Bitcoin blocks by even delaying the transactions. This research will focus on the methods in which the memory and even mobile devices involved in the transaction could be captured and analysed.
At its very core, the phrase criminal justice sciences points to the interdisciplinary nature of our field. However, efforts to promote and support interdisciplinary teaching and research face significant barriers. In this paper, I address how interdisciplinarity is conceptualized, the history of criminal justice as an interdisciplinary field, why we should promote interdisicplinarity, barriers we confront in interdisciplinary efforts, the degree to which ACJS members engage in interdisciplinary practices, factors related to interdisciplinarity, and opportunities for increased interdisciplinary research in criminal justice. To grow as an academic field, I conclude that we must look to other disciplines such as biology, computer science, policy, and women's studies as we expand our disciplinary boundaries.
Security challenges to telecommunication networks have been a matter of concern to the international community within the last two decades. Telecommunication infrastructure that provides the necessary backbone for information exchange such as voice, video, data, and Internet connectivity have been found to be particularly vulnerable to various forms of attacks. Some of these attacks could lead to denial of service, loss of integrity and confidentiality of network services. Protecting these networks from attacks is thus an important aspect that cannot be ignored. This paper highlights some of the important security challenges to current telecommunication networks and recommends countermeasures that can be implemented to mitigate not only infrastructural insecurity but also the risk from cyber-attacks. One of which is security by default that aims at designing systems that can repair themselves when breaches are detected.
"System trespassing by computer intruders is a growing concern among millions of Internet users. However, little research has employed criminological insights to explore the effectiveness of security means to deter unauthorized access to computer systems. Drawing on the deterrence perspective, we employ a large set of target computers built for the sole purpose of being attacked and conduct two independent experiments to investigate the influence of a warning banner on the progression, frequency, and duration of system trespassing incidents. In both experiments, the target computers (86 computers in the first experiment and 502 computers in the second) were set either to display or not to display a warning banner once intruders had successfully infiltrated the systems; 1,058 trespassing incidents were observed in the first experiment and 3,768 incidents in the second. The findings reveal that although a warning banner does not lead to an immediate termination or a reduction in the frequency of trespassing incidents, it significantly reduces their duration. Moreover, we find that the effect of a warning message on the duration of repeated trespassing incidents is attenuated in computers with a large bandwidth capacity. These findings emphasize the relevance of restrictive deterrence constructs in the study of system trespassing."
The proliferation of the internet services with pornographic character no longer surprises anyone nowadays, if we consider the expansion of this type of expression in classic mass-media. Analyzing the phenomenology of virtual pornography we can clearly identify, apart from the proliferation of contents of this type, the high degree of accessibility enjoyed by users. The easy identification of these pages by means of search engines and introducing keywords suggestion is outstanding. The need to incriminate the acts of production, possession and dissemination of child pornography through computer systems is undeniable. The extremely aggressive campaign addressed against this scourge has led to the perception of an attack against free speech in cyberspace.
Darkweb marketplaces have evolved greatly since the rise of the Silk Road in 2011, the first platform of its kind, and have become a highly profitable underground trading ecosystem, which provides anonymity for both buyers and sellers. Law enforcement along with researchers, have been successful in taking down marketplaces over the years. However, the combination of mechanisms implemented by these platforms (e.g. payment mechanisms, cryptocurrencies, trust systems), along with the success of the Tor network's anonymity properties, have made marketplaces much more enticing to users, while providing ease of access and use, as well as resilience against hostile actions. Through qualitative methods, this paper presents a mapping of darkweb marketplaces. We systematically investigate the operation of 41 marketplaces, along with 35 vendor shops, and gather information about the mechanisms and features implemented. Additionally, to acquire real world information, we explore the marketplaces' integrated forums, as well as 3 popular independent ones, focusing on discussions between vendors, buyers and marketplace owners, on topics related to illegal trading. We believe that gaining an up-to-date and deep understanding of the framework that marketplaces are built upon, is the first step towards discovering weak spots in the cyber security product and service market, with the disruption of its operation being the ultimate goal.
Password reuse has been long understood as a problem: credentials stolen from one site may be leveraged to gain access to another site for which they share a password. Indeed, it is broadly understood that attackers exploit this fact and routinely leverage credentials extracted from a site they have breached to access high-value accounts at other sites (e.g., email accounts). However, as a consequence of such acts, this same phenomena of password reuse attacks can be harnessed to indirectly infer site compromises-even those that would otherwise be unknown. In this paper we describe such a measurement technique, in which unique honey accounts are registered with individual third-party websites, and thus access to an email account provides indirect evidence of credentials theft at the corresponding website. We describe a prototype system, called Tripwire, that implements this technique using an automated Web account registration system combined with email account access data from a major email provider. In a pilot study monitoring more than 2,300 sites over a year, we have detected 19 site compromises, including what appears to be a plaintext password compromise at an Alexa top-500 site with more than 45 million active users.
Objectives. This article seeks to describe and understand the social organization as well as the distribution of recognition in the online community (also known as the warez scene) of hackers who illegally distribute intellectual property online. Method. The data were collected from an online index that curates a list of illegal content that was made available between 2003 and 2009. Sutherland's notion of behavior systems in crime as well as Boase and Wellman's notion of network individualism are used to theorize the social organization and the distribution of recognition in the warez scene. These were then analyzed using social network theory. Results. There is a strong correlation between the productivity of the hacking groups and the recognition they receive from their peers. These findings are limited by the lack of data on the internal operations of each hacking groups and by the aggregate nature of the network matrix. Conclusions. We find that hacking groups that make this online community generally have a very limited life span as well as low production levels. They work and compete in a very distributed and democratic community where we are unable to identify clear leaders.
Virtual space and all its attached Internet services, mobile applications, computers and networks are extensions of our daily needs and life. But are most of us prepared to use them in a responsible manner? The global networking can be used not only with the good intentions. Some of the problems can be avoided with an Internet-usage literacy campaign. In this way users will be aware of their rights, their duties and the dangers that may arise if they treat electronic/Internet/mobile-issues as details not worthy for their attention. With small awareness and little knowledge of how the things work, regular users can be safer in the computer wastelands, mobile frenzy and Internet services nebulae. By buying a device, which can help you to enlist/write in a social network or on a blog, the user starts to share information that can be used against ones will. An unsecured computer or network, social engineering, fake websites can be avoided even by a regular user if there is enough knowledge upon these subjects. Banning Internet or avoiding technology in general is not the key for development, but learning how to operate and understanding the processes involved is the intelligent way. Knowing your computer, understanding how the network is actually working, securing your gateways to the Internet, comprehending and smartly using the tools of the available services from the Internet or for your mobile/smart phone will not make the user a programmer or an Internet geek, but a responsible citizen in the virtual environment. Internet-literacy is a must at any age, for all that are living in the 21th century electronic and real worlds.
Romance fraud, where an offender uses the guise of a genuine relationship for monetary gain, affects millions globally. Further to financial losses, evidence suggests victims may also be targeted for sextortion, where the offender either has images or claims to possess indecent images of a person and attempts to extort them for money. Research exploring the association between romance fraud and sextortion is limited, with little known about the characteristics of victims and their potential for financial loss. This article addresses this gap through a quantitative analysis of those who reported romance fraud which included a threat of sextortion. It identifies those who paid in response to the sextortion threat by a variety of situational and demographic variables and locates this group in the broader context of romance fraud. The implications of this study for an understanding of online fraud victimization are explored in detail.
This article explores the intersections of street crimes and cybercrimes. Fourteen Dutch criminal investigations into networks that committed cybercrimes were analyzed to gain insight into offline and local dimensions of these activities. Firstly, we examined whether the networks in these cases are also involved in other criminal activities than cybercrimes. Secondly, we analyzed the origin and growth of these networks, with specific attention for the role or offline interactions on the physical streets. Thirdly, we explored whether the cases contained information that would indicate the presence of a street culture informing the activities of the offenders. Our analysis of both the criminal activities and the origin and development of the cybercriminal networks highlights the ongoing importance of the offline world. However, our results shed light on more than just the hidden face of cybercrime. Based on their linguistic practices and motives and neutralizations, we see examples of how core members, recruiters, and money mules in different cases are embedded in Dutch street culture. Our findings, therefore, indicate that cybercrime cases could also be interpreted as digital diversifications of traditional street (economic) street crimes and, thereby, as empirical examples of street offenders adapting to the rise of technology.
Emerging as a novel cybercrime, cloned (or hijacked) journals with identical ISSNs to legitimate ones have surfaced. These cloned journals employ various tactics, and this article identifies and discusses the top five. Fraudulent journals primarily focus on print-only publications, using parallel websites to mislead researchers. Cloned journals are using videos on their homepages to deceitfully showcase indexing in databases like Scopus or Web of Science.
Technology has enabled the humans to access the information as they need in their march towards progress. However, cybercrime or online crimes have never been a part of this progress. It is the misuse of social media that has contributed to the growth of cybercrime. This study attempts to make a comparison of regulatory provisions for cyber defamation being carried out through electronic-based media in countries like Indonesia, Malaysia, and South Korea. This study used normative juridical research methods to analyze secondary data collected through library research and documentation search. The conceptual, statutory, and comparative approaches were used to analyze the data. The rationale behind this study was to find out whether there exists any legal material or redressals that could be seen as a reformation in the legislative policies regarding Crime of Cyber Defamation through media in the sampled countries. The findings confirmed that there exist several differences in the regulations related to cyber defamation laws in Indonesia, Malaysia, and South Korea, especially those deal with crimes committed through electronic media. The study also found out the cyber defamation crimes are classified in terms of types of offenses, elements, and definitions in each country, Indonesia, Malaysia, and South Korea.
DeFi has attracted legitimate investors and scammers alike. The paper presents an empirical investigation into the prevalence of rug-pulls, a scam where cryptocurrency project developers exit without fully delivering and leave investors in the wind. Using forum data, 101 rugpulls from 6 different types of DeFi services are documented. ICOs form the majority of the rugpulls, most of which were active for less than six months before scamming out. ICOs rugpulled in 2021 were active for a much longer time than those that were rugpulled later on, perhaps pointing to new entrants intending to pull the rug. Through qualitative thematic analysis, we discover that these schemes primarily use authoritative and financial lures at the announcement stage of the project to mimic legitimate projects.
Reflecting a central premise of the collective securitisation model, it is argued in this article that both specific events and longer-term trends have galvanised and reinforced the EU discourse of increasing threat and risk around cybersecurity, at different points in time. Thus, whilst major cyberattacks have caused the EU to reflect with some urgency on the increasing threat and review its approach, new policy initiatives evolved incrementally thereafter, rather than being the product of any emergency action outside the EU's normal politics. It is shown further that, in the case of cybersecurity, discourses of threat and risk have continued beyond policy initiation, and that this discourse has very much run in parallel with further action and initiatives. Finally, this article demonstrates how collective securitisation and legislation in certain key areas related to cybersecurity can also be subject to EU institutional desecuritisation moves, leading to national policy differentiation following a precipitating event.
While copious amounts of information exist on the loss of personal data by various entities (government offices, colleges and universities, health-care facilities, private sector organizations and so on), very little scholarly analysis has been performed to aid our understanding of our vulnerabilities. This research utilizes a 6-year sample compiled from the Privacy Rights Clearinghouse who maintain a record of all published data breaches in the United States to examine the correlates of data loss as well as how lost records are spatially distributed across the country. Advanced spatial analysis techniques were employed to achieve this goal. A thorough discussion of our current vulnerabilities is proffered given this rich data source followed by an exploration of preliminary policy implications.
Botnet malware is improving with the latest (3rd) generation exemplified by the SpyEye and Zeus botnets. These botnets are important to understand because they target online financial transactions, primarily with banks. In this paper, we analyze the components from multiple generations of the SpyEye botnet in order to understand both how it works and how it is evolving. SpyEye is a sophisticated piece of malware with a modular design that eases the incorporation of improvements. We will discuss in detail the complete framework of SpyEye botnet consisting of the Bot Development Kit (BDK), the plugin architecture, the backend storage server, the bot design and the web-based Command and Control (C&C) management system. In addition, we also examine the techniques used by SpyEye to steal money. Crown Copyright (c) 2012 Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
"The aim of this study was an investigation of cybercrime from the point of view of Imamieh (Iran) jurisprudence. The present study is a descriptive-analytical investigation. The importance of the topic has forced the author not only to review the ideas of academics, but also to provide a foundation of recognition for cybercrime. The results show that jurists believe that acts of depravity should be prosecuted through punishment; and in some cases they have condemned it as mofsed-e-filarz, which is punishable by death. Likewise, the points of view of jurists have been investigated; research has been based on research. Through the investigations carried out, it is made clear that certain crimes that have been used by social networks to decrease chastity in society include the disclosure of adultery, pimping, pornography, etc., which have been referred to by legislators and saints imams and the Prophet.. In the first step, these crimes are not only against the offender, but also target and weaken the foundations of the most important units of any society, which are families."
This work compares machine learning methods using supervised, semi-supervised and unsupervised learning, to classify advertisements for cryptocurrency related investment scams found in the online forum Bitcointalk, and the social media platform Reddit. We extract more than 24.2 million posts from Bitcointalk and use Reddit's API to collect 2,108 submissions. We train and compare several multiclass text classification approaches and use the models with highest accuracy and F-measure to identify cryptocurrency investment scam advertisements found on both platforms. We discover around five percent of all posts collected on both sites are potential scams. We then use another text classifier to identify the scam actors involved in these investment scam advertisements. We also discover the lures used within these fraudulent adverts and find the main differences in luring techniques used between Bitcointalk and Reddit. We identify that the most prevalent lure type uses the financial principle, followed by the distraction principle in Bitcointalk, and by the authority principle in Reddit. Finally, we use subreddits as communities' proxies and compare scam advertisements within them to identify whether pensioners are being specifically targeted by cryptocurrency scam adverts. Our results show that retirement subreddits do not contain a higher number of cryptocurrency investment scam adverts compared to other investment focused subreddits.
Research has identified several strategies victims adopt to deter unwanted conduct from stalkers. Whether such strategies are effective, however, is relatively unknown. Using stalking data from the 2016 National Crime Victimization Survey, the current study examines the effectiveness of safety strategies as a deterrent and whether effects are conditioned by how victims know their stalker. Victims who restricted digital access or involved the police were more likely to report the unwanted conduct had stopped, net of victim and situational contexts. These findings were consistent regardless of whether victims were pursued by intimate partner versus non-partner stalkers. The success of strategies was not universal and what works to deter stalkers was related to victim characteristics, duration, and having access to resources.
Cyber Security assumes a critical job in the field of Information and Communication Technology [ICT]. Securing the information has become one of the greatest difficulties in the present day. When we consider cyber security, the main aspect that strikes in our mind is `cyber crimes' which are expanding enormously day by day. Different Governments and organizations are taking numerous measures so as to keep these cyber crimes. Other than different measures cyber security is as yet a big concern to many. This paper for the most part centers around difficulties looked by cyber security on the most recent technologies. It also focuses around most recent about the cyber security methods, ethics and the trends changing the appearance of cyber security. Governments, military, associations, budgetary foundations, colleges and different organizations gather, process and store a great deal of private data on PCs and transmit that data over systems to various PCs. With the tenacious quick advancement of volume and enhancement of cyberattacks, incite attempts are required to anchor touchy business and individual data, and to anchor national security. The paper talk with respect to the idea of the internet and shows how the web is unbound to transmit the mystery and budgetary data. We demonstrate that hacking is as of now typical and dangerous for overall economy and security and exhibited the diverse techniques for Cyber attacks in India and around the globe.
Research on physical, that is, violent, terror attacks and extremism has increased dramatically over the last decade. The growth of the Internet and computer technology has also led to concern over the use of cyberattacks by ideologically motivated offenders to cause harm and further their political and social agendas. There is, however, a lack of empirical research on cyber-attackers limiting our knowledge of the factors that affect their behavior. This study addresses this empirical gap through a qualitative analysis of 10 interviews conducted with ideologically motivated Turkish computer hackers. The findings demonstrated that Turkish hackers motivated by an ideological agenda reflected the larger values of the hacker subculture, though the targets for their attacks were shaped directly by religious or political beliefs. We conclude by discussing in depth our findings and implications for counterterror and cybersecurity policy and practice.
Click fraud is a scam that hits a criminal sweet spot by both tapping into the vast wealth of online advertising and exploiting that ecosystem's complex structure to obfuscate the flow of money to its perpetrators. In this work, we illuminate the intricate nature of this activity through the lens of ZeroAccess-one of the largest click fraud botnets in operation. Using a broad range of data sources, including peer-to-peer measurements, command-and-control telemetry, and contemporaneous click data from one of the top ad networks, we construct a view into the scale and complexity of modern click fraud operations. By leveraging the dynamics associated with Microsoft's attempted takedown of ZeroAccess in December 2013, we employ this coordinated view to identify ad units whose traffic (and hence revenue) primarily derived from ZeroAccess. While it proves highly challenging to extrapolate from our direct observations to a truly global view, by anchoring our analysis in the data for these ad units we estimate that the botnet's fraudulent activities plausibly induced advertising losses on the order of $100,000 per day.
The current landscape of the core Internet technologies shows considerable centralisation with the big tech companies controlling the vast majority of traffic and services. This situation has sparked a wide range of decentralisation initiatives with blockchain technology being among the most prominent and successful innovations. At the same time, over the past years there have been considerable attempts to address the security and privacy issues affecting the Domain Name System (DNS). To this end, it is claimed that Blockchain-based DNS may solve many of the limitations of traditional DNS. However, such an alternative comes with its own security concerns and issues, as any introduction and adoption of a new technology typically does - let alone a disruptive one. In this work we present the emerging threat landscape of blockchain-based DNS and we empirically validate the threats with real-world data. Specifically, we explore a part of the blockchain DNS ecosystem in terms of the browser extensions using such technologies, the chain itself (Namecoin and Emercoin), the domains, and users who have been registered in these platforms. Our findings reveal several potential domain extortion attempts and possible phishing schemes. Finally, we suggest countermeasures to address the identified threats, and we identify emerging research themes.
In the era of digital economy and high penetration rate of technology, cybercrime is taking over a great span of the cyberworld. Novice to experienced users are subject to being victims to cyber criminals. Phishing attempts lead to critical issues and risks for online users, and for companies as well. This research proposes a framework for fraud prevention by enabling the automatic detection of malicious websites. The applicability of the framework is validated by various types of experiments. The experiments tries to model phishing websites using various algorithms and approaches, including hybrid approaches. It is apparent that the performance of Random Forest Trees algorithm overperformed several other algorithms. Accordingly, the framework is proved to be useful in the segregation of malicious online content and phishing attempts. In addition the results call for more investigation and improvement in fraud prevention approaches.
Rapid growth in technological criminal activities has drawn worldwide attention to cyber forensics. The objective of a cyber forensics is to provide situation awareness in terms of identification and preservation of digital evidence, extraction of information, and analysis of extracted information to facilitate time-critical decision making. However, Cyber Forensic Investigations (CFIs) still lack significant structure to provide reliable insight into major cyberattack patterns. Data from the Global Cyber Security Index (GCI) show that Pakistan lags far behind in technological and organizational initiatives, posing a threat to its national security. This article focuses on state coordinated CFI infrastructure to mitigate the occurrence of cybercrime challenges. Moreover, a conceptual model is established to address the infrastructure of CFI using policy approach, legal, technical, organizational, capacity building, and cooperative venture. This conceptual model is structured in pillars to simplify the CFI infrastructure. The goal of the study is to provide an empirical foundation for policymakers to develop a comprehensive framework for CFI in the country, and to offer insights and recommendations for improving the infrastructure to better combat cybercrime in Pakistan.
Cybercriminals exploit opportunities for anonymity and masquerade in web-based communication to conduct illegal activities such as phishing, spamming, cyber predation, cyber threatening, blackmail, and drug trafficking. One way to fight cybercrime is to collect digital evidence from online documents and to prosecute cybercriminals in the court of law. In this paper, we propose a unified framework using data mining and natural language processing techniques to analyze online messages for the purpose of crime investigation. Our framework takes the chat log from a confiscated computer as input, extracts the social networks from the log, summarizes chat conversations into topics, identifies the information relevant to crime investigation, and visualizes the knowledge for an investigator. To ensure that the implemented framework meets the needs of law enforcement officers in real-life investigation, we closely collaborate with the cybercrime unit of a law enforcement agency in Canada. Both the feedback from the law enforcement officers and experimental results suggest that the proposed chat log mining framework is effective for crime investigation.
The European Union's Internal Security Fund (ISF) will contribute to ensuring a high level of security in the Union, by supporting actions that help to prevent and combat terrorism and radicalisation, serious and organised crime, and cybercrime. One such project that has launched in January 2022 is Anti-FinTer: Versatile artificial intelligence investigative technologies for revealing online cross-border financing activities of terrorism.
Online markets in cryptocurrency represent a sprawling and eclectic alternative financial system, selling cutting edge techno-investment schemes that are complex and high risk. Crime control is almost entirely absent from this new crypto economy, and it is full of scams. This paper draws on an ethnography of crypto trading to review the main types of scam, suggesting that the grey economy of cryptocurrency trading is part of a wider evolution of society towards the technosocial, and beyond that perhaps towards the metaversal.
With the advancement of information technology, criminals employ multiple cyberspaces to promote cybercrime. To combat cybercrime and cyber dangers, banks and financial institutions use artificial intelligence (AI). AI technologies assist the banking sector to develop and grow in many ways. Transparency and explanation of AI's ability are required to preserve trust. Deep learning protects client behavior and interest data. Deep learning techniques may anticipate cyber-attack behavior, allowing for secure banking transactions. This proposed approach is based on a user-centric design that safeguards people's private data over banking. Here, initially, the attack data can be generated over banking transactions. Routing is done for the configuration of the nodes. Then, the obtained data can be preprocessed for removing the errors. Followed by hierarchical network feature extraction can be used to identify the abnormal features related to the attack. Finally, the user data can be protected and the malicious attack in the transmission route can be identified by using the Wrapper stepwise ResNet classifier. The proposed work outperforms other techniques in terms of attack detection and accuracy, and the findings are depicted in the graphical format by employing the Python tool.
Social media is a technology that can be developed in a fast and flexible manner, where internet connections are transformed into interactive platforms. Social networking programs are increasingly spreading around the world. Facebook users reached 1.44 billion per month in 2015, which means that most of the people of the world have a stamp on social networking platforms. Social media platforms have become integral part of teens'daily life. 22% of teenagers are enrolled in social networking programs about 10 times a day. The remaining category, which makes up more than half of teenagers register more than once a day through the use of mobile phone, where the proportion of teenagers who have their own cell phones reach 75%. The results show by RSA that the rate of cybercrime reached 173% by mobile phones during the period 2013-2015. And, the RSA announce a large number of real examples of cybercrime that have occurred recently and continue to pose a major threat to society and specific to teenagers. Consequently, this paper review social media, society and business. Moreover, how he social media impact teenagers.
As the variety of new social media applications are developed at an ever-increasing rate, the number of related potential vulnerabilities and related attack vectors are also increasing. Traditionally, social engineering attacks have always been a major cause of concern for Information Security departments. However, the theft, abuse and manipulation of personal information for malicious purposes has become even prolific since the mass adoption of social media and gaming applications by the average person, largely fueled by the boom in social media and gaming applications. These newly introduced and ever-evolving apps continue to introduce new vulnerabilities due to poor system design and coding practices and have led to a multitude of sophisticated attacks and digital crimes. Attacks such as, Malware infections, ransomware, Session Hijacking, SQL Injection, and Man-in-the-Middle attacks have been facilitated in part by the race to developing social media platforms, and applications. Hence, more effective countermeasures and prevention techniques are introduced to detect and minimize the resulting damage and losses associated with this trend. This paper presents a novel 'credentials crawling' proof of concept exploit to illustrate the ease with which such attacks can be launched. The proof of concept is implemented via a stealthy application, which has been implemented (in part) using a commercial of-the-shelf application (Camera Mouse 2011). The newly developed stealth robot uses stealth techniques to conceal itself from the intended target/victim. The proposed approach enables the developed robot application to remain undetected by leading commercial anti-virus solutions. The developed robot has been tested in different environments, with various operating systems protected by various commercial antivirus solutions. The presented approach was tested on computers belonging to people from different walks of life including graduate and undergraduate students, faculty and staff (with their consent). The initial test result demonstrates that the proposed technique is effective as a tool to assist with promoting awareness against a variety of user-focused cyber-attacks especially phishing attacks.
The forgery and fraudulent behaviour associated with examination results and academic certificates at the different stages from storing, publishing, transfer to verification, remain a major cybercrime issue within the educational sector. In this paper, the authors discuss the technological dimension underpinning such issues and propose a system consisting of digital ID verification structures, which ensure and confirm individual access via decentralized storage like Blockchain systems, in order to minimise fraudulent activities. Based on extensive desk research and a case study (using a demonstrator) which was presented and discussed with a focus group, comprising of stakeholders with a good understanding on the topic of Blockchain technologies and digital IDs, the authors discuss how the publication, storage and transfer of educational and academic achievements may potentially be transformed due to the adoption of Blockchain technologies, especially through digital ID verification. In particular, the authors identify issues pertaining to the setting up of the chain of trust, recognition of digital IDs, non-technical expertise, costs, human interventions and cybersecurity as crucial for the successful consideration and implementation of Blockchain-based digital IDs and as areas for future work in counteracting cybercrime with regard to assessment results and credentials in the educational sector.
"Experiencing negative outcomes online is increasingly common, with more people active online and the continued presence of aggressive online behaviours. This study sought to uncover the underlying factor structure of negative online consequences. It investigated how experiencing negative outcomes is associated with engaging in specific online activities. Australian adult Internet users (N=1773, mean age=42.5years, 54.8% female) completed an online survey. An underlying factor structure was identified with subgroups of negative outcomes identified relating to hacking/identity theft, abuse/harassment, non-targeted scams and targeted scams. Victimisation was associated with engagement with online pornography and forums; use of multiple discussion forums, dating, and gaming sites; and expenditure on gaming, dating and pornography sites. Results suggest that overall Internet involvement does not predict victimisation, but specific activities are linked to certain harms. This research creates a framework to inform policy and practice to minimise online victimisation and guide ongoing research."
Transactions on the darknet are notoriously difficult to examine. Prior criminological research has generally used web scraping and qualitative text analysis to examine illegal darknet markets. One disadvantage of this process is that individuals can lie. Fortunately for researchers, the currency used for transactions on the darknet, cryptocurrency, is designed to be tracked. In this article, we examine transactions from a former darknet marketplace, AlphaBay. Using the blockchain, we examine the interconnectedness of both legal and illegal cryptocurrencies. In addition, we provide a structured approach to quantitatively examine the Bitcoin blockchain ledger, offering both the tools and our own experiences for other researchers interested in such approaches. While cybersecurity, information technology, accounting, and other disciplines can examine the financial data itself, we believe that criminologists can provide additional benefits in pattern analysis and organizing the context and theory around the transactions. Our results show that cryptocurrency transactions are generally identifiable (90%) and involve likely illegal transactions, transactions that attempt to obfuscate other transactions, and legal transactions. We end with a discussion of newer cryptocurrencies and related technology and how they will likely shape future work.
In this work we present a methodology to improve Informatics Security in different kind of organizations. The organization could be a government agency, a corporation or social organizations. The methodology is focused to convince, involve and compromise managers and directors to implant actions for Informatics Security then involve all the organization in that tasks. The methodology has been successful in manufacturer and service companies..
"Technology affects almost every aspect of life and is constantly changing. Digital communication technology has made it easier and faster to connect people all over the world. Digital technology is used in varies fields, including business, industries, companies, and educational institutions. There are various benefits of technology; it is also associated with a number of risks and dangerous threats known as cybercrimes. Cybercrime is a criminal activity that targets digital technology, like a computer, a computer network, or a mobile device. Cybersecurity is the way we reduce the risk of becoming a victim of cybercrime. Cybersecurity is the process of defending against cyberattacks. By using these concepts, we investigated the interval-valued complex T-spherical fuzzy relations (IVCT-spherical-FRs) introduced in this paper. We studied the relationships between different types of cybersecurity and the sources of cyberattacks. Furthermore, the Hasse diagram for the interval-valued complex T-spherical partial order set and relation is developed. The concepts of Hasse diagram are being used to examine various cybersecurity techniques and practices. The most effective method is identified using the features of Hasse diagrams. Finally, comparison tests are used to demonstrate the benefits of the proposed methods."
Underground forums are discussion outlets where criminal communities exchange knowledge about online malicious activities and trade illegal goods and services that promote an underground economy based on malicious software, stolen personal information, tools for financial fraud, drugs and more. Prior work has investigated the interactions between criminals and the type of assets traded in Surface Web forums. At the same time, research evidence suggests cybercriminals are moving their operations to the Dark Web to avoid getting caught and similar research has been carried out in Dark Web forums from different perspectives. However, there is no empirical evidence on how forum criminal activity related to the underground economy takes place in both Web environments. To address this problem, we conduct a quantitative exploratory analysis about the trading activity taking place in four prominent forums in the Surface Web and four in the Dark Web based on the type of posts found in the forums. Then, we compare the data to find differences in the malicious activity observed. Our results show that trading activity is higher in Dark Web forums compared to the Surface Web. We also find that different types of transactions, products and prices vary according to the Web environment.
Providing security for interacting cloud services requires more than user authentication with passwords or digital certificates and confidentiality in data transmission. Existing data protection mechanisms have previously failed in preventing data theft attacks perpetrated by an insider to the cloud provider or impersonators. In this paper, we focus on the service cloud model, which facilitates the composition and communication among web services owned by different cloud vendors. We augment a detection approach for impersonation attacks with additional analyses to improve the security of communicating web services hosted in the cloud. A statistical model generates a normal behavior profile for individual services and groups of services based on their business tasks. The detection approach monitors the behavior of each service and identifies anomalies as a potential impersonation attack if it deviates significantly from the expected behavior. To verify the impersonation attack, we deploy a cloud-based verification technique, misleading suspicious services with useless responses. The experimental results show that modeling request behavior reliably detects a significant number of impersonation attempts, with a performance degradation that is a reasonable trade-off.
Building upon Eck and Clarke's (2003) ideas for explaining crimes in which there is no face-to-face contact between victims and offenders, the authors developed an adapted lifestyle-routine activities theory. Traditional conceptions of place-based environments depend on the convergence of victims and offenders in time and physical space to explain opportunities for victimization. With their proposed cyberlifestyle-routine activities theory, the authors moved beyond this conceptualization to explain opportunities for victimization in cyberspace environments where traditional conceptions of time and space are less relevant. Cyberlifestyle-routine activities theory was tested using a sample of 974 college students on a particular type of cybervictimization-cyberstalking. The study's findings provide support for the adapted theoretical perspective. Specifically, variables measuring online exposure to risk, online proximity to motivated offenders, online guardianship, online target attractiveness, and online deviance were significant predictors of cyberstalking victimization. Implications for advancing cyberlifestyle-routine activities theory are discussed.
The objective of this chapter is to set the scene for the remainder of the book. The core of this book seeks to address both the theory of crime and the question of forensic psychology's contribution to the understanding of cybercrime. Specific examples of online crime such as hacking, malware, identity theft, child pornography and cyberbullying are dealt with in some detail in later chapters. Before exploring these subjects it is necessary to set out some context. The first section of this chapter seeks to define the nature of online crime or cybercrime and look at the ways in which society is responding to it. The nature of the response is multi-faceted. Governments attempt to respond with law, corporations with policies and procedures, suppliers with terms and conditions, users with peer pressure, technologists with code. The second section looks at how international laws have evolved through what are referred to as 'soft law' and seeks to draw lessons for the evolution of laws for the internet. The final section looks at the more general area of governance and also looks at how ideas of governance have evolved and how some of the theoretical work in this field may offer guidance for the governance of the internet.
Airline tickets that have been obtained illicitly represent a truly global crime. The travel industry and law enforcement have been attempting to address travel fraud for some time. Airline tickets can be obtained using various cybercrime methods. They are traded and advertised on online blackmarkets and through fraudulent travel agencies. This research is qualitative in nature, informed by interviews with law enforcement and industry stakeholders, as well as the analysis of a marketplace where fraudulently obtained tickets are traded. This research considers: the nature of the criminal market for fraudulently obtained tickets, the involvement of co-offending and organized crime, the geographic nature of travel fraud, and the ways in which those supplying fraudulently obtained tickets try to avoid detection. Also considered is how the nature of travel fraud has changed over time, ways in which it may continue to change, and the challenges faced by law enforcement.
Concern over juvenile sexting behaviors has increased substantially over the last decade, leading to criminological inquiries of the correlates of sexting. Evidence suggests that sexting behavior is associated with one's level of self-control, such that individuals with low self-control are unable to constrain themselves from acting on opportunities to offend. Though self-control is correlated with sexting, few have considered the ways that situational opportunities associated with technology access and self-control influence one another. This study attempted to address this gap in the literature through an analysis of 1328 adolescents enrolled in secondary schools located in a large metropolitan region of South Australia. The findings from three binary logistic regression models illustrated that low self-control, and online opportunity factors were associated with sexting behaviors, though self-control was mediated by the inclusion of opportunity measures. The implications of this analysis for our understanding of criminological theory is discussed in detail.
Android-based Smartphone is getting more popular year by year. The increasing number of Android smart phone users also give effect to the development and the use of mobile instant messenger application. One of the instant messenger application that is widely used is Blackberry Messenger (BBM). The rapid increasing number of BBM users may cause positive and negative effects. The example of positive effect is communication becomes easier, and the example of negative effect is there are some persons that using BBM to perform digital crimes such as pornography and frauds. If BBM was installed on that smartphone, then digital evidences can be acquired and expected to become an option to assist law enforcements in uncovering digital crimes. The method used in this research is mobile forensic method which is based on available guidelines prepared by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST). The results of the research are presented in the form of recorded conversations, BBM Personal Identification Number (BBM PIN), and conversation timestamp.
Web browsers that run on a computer often keep sensitive information such as user credentials and saving account numbers. With modern technology, all Web applications including web browsers apply password logins as a fundamental authentication to prove a user's identity. Passwords act as the first line of defense against attacker exploitation. However, some web browsers tend to save user passwords in databases as plaintext. This issue enables attackers to readily obtain user credentials and use the acquired passwords to break in high security web pages. This paper proposes a method that uses password hashing to secure user credentials whenever they log onto a web browser. In particular, the purpose of this method is to secure user credentials against identity theft. This method protects user credentials using passphrase password hashing using a concatenation of three elements, password, user defined passphrase, and webpage domain name. A respective string concatenation is hashed and sent to the web browser server for storage. The proposed method is easy to be developed and deployed in the web browser.
Due to the Internet's quick spread and the digitalisation of commercial activity, cybercrime has risen dramatically. Computers or data are the intended victim of cybercrime.This paper is about Cyber Complaint Automation System. The current cyber cell of Kerala police has a time comsuming approach.Complaint can be given in two ways. A written complaint can be given to cyber police station. Second option is to use cyber crime reporting portal. In this portal user has to undergo four different steps to sucessfully register the complaint. These complaints are stored in a database and manually classified into respective departments. This methodology of a cyber complaint takes a great deal of effort and time. The time wasted on current system helps the criminal in covering his track. As a result, the victim's time and money are squandered, and police receive criticism. We are working to create a software that will drastically shorten the time it takes to handle a complaint in an effort to remedy this scenario. Our system automates the classification process and prioritize emergency complaints.Thus helps the police to apprehend the criminal faster.
This article aims to investigate financial and non-financial implications of cybercrimes in emerging countries. In a globalized world, is very difficult to quantify in a precise manner the economic impact of cybercrimes. Nevertheless, there are significant differences among financial and non-financial implications of cybercrime attacks. Despite widespread awareness, the vulnerability of emerging countries regarding cybersecurity surveys is still very high. (C) 2015 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.
In this article, we study the various functions of online cybercriminal meeting places from a unique perspective: We do not take the criminal meeting place as a starting point, but the users-the criminal networks. This allows not only for a view of what is happening on online meeting places, but it also places online meeting places into perspective. Our data consisted of detailed case descriptions of 40 cybercriminal networks active in the Netherlands (18), Germany (3), the United Kingdom (9), and the United States (10). Reconstructions were made based on analysis of police files and/or interviews with case officers and public prosecutors. Online meeting places play a role in the majority of our cases: to meet co-offenders, to buy tools, or to sell data. However, from a crime script perspective, the role of forums is much more modest. Forums, for example, can be used to find suitable co-offenders, but in the majority of our cases the core members did not meet at forums. Offline meeting places still play an important role in cybercriminal networks. Furthermore, forums can be viewed as online versions of offline offender convergence settings-physical locations such as a bar-where criminals can meet, and ensure continuity and structure. However, forums might be more accessible than physical criminal meeting places. For a curious newbie, it is, for example, easier to visit all sorts of forums than it is to visit all sorts of criminal bars. Finally, our cases show that the learning function of forums should not be underestimated.
Data wiping is used to securely delete securely unwanted files. However, the misuse of data wiping can destroy pieces of evidence to be spoiled in a digital forensic investigation. To cope with the misuse of data wiping, we proposed an anti-anti-forensic method based on NTFS transaction features and a machine leaming algorithm. This method allows investigators to obtain information regarding 'which files are wiped' and 'which data wiping tools and data sanitization standards used'. In this study, we achieved good identification of data wiping traces in the NTFS file system. Leveraging the efficiency of machine leaming mod els, our method effectively recognizes wiped partitions and files in the NTFS file system and identifies tools used in data sanitization. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
This paper explores the characteristics of repeat victimisation (RV) in relation to fraud and computer misuse (F&CM) crimes recorded in Wales, United Kingdom (UK). The wider study included mixed-methods analysis of a sample of cases (n = 10,001) reported by individuals in Wales, over a period of two years (ending in September 2016). In this paper, key results from the quantitative part of this study concerning RV are presented. This paper contributes to an empirically grounded understanding RV with respect to F&CM and its insights are of direct relevance to theoretical understandings of victimisation and the formulation of interventions within the 'Protect' strand of policing in the UK. It suggests that older age is associated with RV for these crime types, that a repeat report is likely to be of the same general type as the crime which preceded it and that interventions to protect individuals from being re-victimised are best targeted within two weeks to one month of the first report. The paper also highlights the extent to which RV analysis is constrained by the rules which shape crime recording and identifies avenues for improvement of data collection and further research. Furthermore, it suggests the need to develop a framework of F&CM vulnerability which goes beyond risk of re-victimisation and better accounts for and enables a response to victims' wider support needs.
"Cybercrime caused by exploited vulnerabilities bears a huge burden on societies. Most of these vulnerabilities are detectable, and the damage is preventable if software vendors and firms that deploy such software adopt right practices. Bug Bounty Programs (BBPs) by vendors and intermediaries are one of the most important creations in recent years, that helps software vendors to create marketplaces and to detect and prevent such exploits. This article develops the theory of BBPs and present a typology of BBPs using established theories of incentive compatibility and mechanism design. The authors empirically analyze the market creation function of BBPs using granular data from two different types of BBPs on a popular intermediary platform. The research findings suggest that BBPs are valuable opportunities to source vulnerabilities in software; nevertheless, the rate of disclosure and hacker participation marginally increases with vendor's rewards and other incentives. Similarly, the results show that security researchers are motivated to contribute to BBPs that offer higher remuneration and not just those programs with a higher likelihood for bug discovery. Our findings will help researchers and practitioners in information security and allied domains to develop a theoretical and empirical perspective of BBPs, and their usefulness to curb incidents of cybercrime."
The present study resolved the challenges of implementing maneuvers through dynamic simulation of the cyber battlefield. The battlefield provided had the essential information for detecting cybercrime events. Cyber battlefield contains detailed information on cyberspace elements, including the vulnerability knowledge repository, the tangible and intangible components of the cyberspace, and the relationships between them allowing maneuvering, penetration testing, injection attacks, tracking attacks, visualization, evaluating the impact of cyber-attacks and risk evaluation.
Ransomware groups represent a significant cyber threat to Western states. Most high-end ransomware actors reside in territorial safe-haven jurisdictions and prove to be resistant to traditional law enforcement activities. This has prompted public sector and cybersecurity industry leaders to perceive ransomware as a national security threat requiring a whole-of-government approach, including cyber operations. In this paper, we investigate whether cyber operations or the threat of cyber operations influence the ransomware ecosystem. Subsequently, we assess the vectors of influence and characteristics of past operations that have disrupted the ecosystem. We describe the specifics of the ransomware-as-a-service system and provide three case studies (DarkSide/BlackMatter, REvil, Conti) highly representative of the current ecosystem and the effect cyber operations have on it. Additionally, we present initial observations about the influence of cyber operations on the system, including best practices from cyber operations against non-state groups. We conclude that even professional, highly skilled, and top-performing ransomware groups can be disrupted through cyber operations. In fact, cyber operations can even bypass some limits imposed on law enforcement operations. Even when ransomware groups rebrand or resurface after a hiatus, we suggest their infrastructure (both technical, human, and reputational) will still suffer mid- to long-term disruption. Although cyber operations arc unlikely to be a silver bullet, they are an essential tool in the whole-of-government and multinational efforts and may even grow in importance in the next several years.
Cyber criminals are utilizing diverse approaches to draw money from internet users and organizations. Recently, a malware called ransomware has become effectively accessible for this job due to its ease of availability and distribution methods. Security experts are working to counter ransomware attacks by fixing the vulnerabilities of operating system. In this research work, we have proposed a method to prevent the ransomware attack at its early stages through its delivery channels like Exploit Kits. We have analyzed the crawling patterns (listing of file path, dropped file, network activity, ransom note etc.) of victim's computer. These patterns have been used to extract the features for classification of malicious samples. We have used supervised machine learning algorithms for classification of malwares. Experimental results shows that accuracy of 94% is achieved in tightly bound mode by using random forest algorithm. While, accuracy of 91% is achieved in moderate bound mode by using random forest classification algorithm.
The occurrence of criminal activities has increased owing to the advent of internet or computer technology. Access to internet has posed serious challenges to the existing legal regime and enforcement paradigm. The recent experience concerning rate of technology and online communication has no doubt fashioned-out a dramatic increase in the incidence of criminal activities. It has also resulted in the occurrence of what is considered as a new approach of criminal activities. Although, the emergence of electronic communication advances economic prosperity of the world's commerce, fraudsters have gained access and seen the medium as a fertile ground for pretence. This paper firstly discusses the wide-ranging descriptions that led to the complex concept of cybercrime. The paper then examines the importance of cybercrimes regulations to curb infidelity in the use of computer technology. It also investigates the interface between cybercrimes and human rights and argued that human rights are an onerous matter that should be given proper consideration when dealing with cybercrime offenders. The paper utilizes legal research method by way of examining the Nigerian Cybercrimes Act 2015 and its relationship with several human rights provisions. It concludes by revealing the need to prevent cybercrimes that coincide with the right of an individual to enjoy his right to privacy and at the same time ensuring cyber security.
Darknet markets have been used increasingly for the transaction of drugs in the last decade. The growth of illicit drug transactions on darknet markets has led enforcement agencies to invest a greater proportion of time and effort to monitor and crack down on criminal activities on darknet websites. Whereas large-scale site-shutdown efforts involving policing agencies across various countries can help in slowing down the growth of these markets, such enforcement strategies may not be sustainable in the long run given the cost and time they require to coordinate. Thus, there is a need for alternative, costefficient strategies to police darknet markets on a regular basis. In response, this study attempts to empirically evaluate and quantify the effectiveness of selectively targeting large drug vendors on darknet sites. Using data from the three largest darknet markets, we employ a difference-in-differences procedure to assess the impact of the arrest of a major drug dealer on subsequent darknet activities. Specifically, we contrast various outcomes from the policed site (Silk Road 2) with those from nonpoliced sites (Agora and Evolution) and find that enforcement efforts on the policed site reduced subsequent transaction levels and the number of remaining vendors. The enforcement was not only effective in deterring users in the same country as the arrestees, but also had a spillover effect on darknet participants who were beyond the prosecutorial jurisdictions of the arrestees. Test results on heterogeneous effects further suggest that small darknet drug vendors were most deterred by the arrest event and drug vendors selling dangerous drugs were more deterred relative to those selling less dangerous drugs. Our findings have policy and theoretical implications for law makers, enforcement agencies, and academics.
Amidst renewed concern about the prevalence of online child sexual abuse material, the global technology sector is refocusing on models of multistakeholder governance and the development of new technological solutions. This paper argues that the language of multistakeholderism and technological solutionism obscures the administrative and commercial practices that facilitate the widespread distribution of abuse material. To illustrate this point, the paper describes the 2019 intervention of the Canadian Centre for Child Protection in the operations of Trichan, three websites that were amongst the largest purveyors of abuse material on the open web for 7 years. The case study underscores the materiality of the Internet and the role of commercial relations within the infrastructure stack in the provision of illegal content. While identifying opportunities for the mass removal of abuse material, the paper questions the discretion granted to technology companies under laissez faire regulation, and troubles characterizations of Internet infrastructure as neutral and instrumental factors in the epidemic availability of abuse material.
The development of ICT and the ever-increasing role of the Internet in the functioning of virtually all contemporary organisations has increased the number of threats related to security of information and data. The low level of measures protecting organisational information resources and a growing number of incidents of personal data breaches prompted the European Union to introduce a new regulation that imposes stricter rules in the area of information and personal data protection in its member states. The new EU's legislation - General Data Protection Regulation, commonly called the GDPR, became effective on 25th May 2018. This paper presents the selected issues related to information and personal data management in a selected group of Polish public service bodies. Based on the results of the conducted surveys, the authors present in it the assessment of the state of personal data security in these organisations just prior to the introduction of the GDPR.
"The BitTorrent Sync client application is the most progressive development in the BitTorrent family. Nevertheless, it can be used for the activities that draw the attention of the forensics invetigators. The BitTorrent Sync client application employs quite largely the encryption for sending data packages. The initiation of the activity is carried out in the plain text only. Therefore, we proposed the methodology that enables to capture the initiation step and to inform the forensics investigator, which then takes the reactive actions. The experiment was carried in two modes: 1) simulating of the use of the BitTorrent Sync application; 2) monitoring of real traffic on the Internet. During the monitoring, it is possible to calculate the public lookup SHA1 hash of the shared file. The comparison of the calculated hash with the list of publicly available hashes allows determination whether sharing of the file is legal or illegal. The presented methodology can be applied to any BitTorrent protocol."
There has been a rapid growth in the number of cybercrimes that cause tremendous financial loss to organizations. Recent studies reveal that cybercriminals tend to collaborate or even transact cyber-attack tools via the dark markets established in online social media. Accordingly, it presents unprecedented opportunities for researchers to tap into these underground cybercriminal communities to develop better insights about collaborative cybercrime activities so as to combat the ever increasing number of cybercrimes. The main contribution of this paper is the development of a novel weakly supervised cybercriminal network mining method to facilitate cybercrime forensics. In particular, the proposed method is underpinned by a probabilistic generative model enhanced by a novel context-sensitive Gibbs sampling algorithm. Evaluated based on two social media corpora, our experimental results reveal that the proposed method significantly outperforms the Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) based method and the Support Vector Machine (SVM) based method by 5.23% and 16.62% in terms of Area Under the ROC Curve (AUC), respectively. It also achieves comparable performance as the state-of-the-art Partially Labeled Dirichlet Allocation (PLDA) method. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first successful research of applying a probabilistic generative model to mine cybercriminal networks from online social media.
This autobiographical review is about a research life unusually oriented to the long-term study of organizational crime, peace, and crisis prevention. Most ambitions proved half-baked. Hopes for a more sweeping macrocriminology of freedom will doubtless remain half-baked when cooking ceases. None of the author's mentors bear responsibility for the mess left in the kitchen from attempts to understand how to grow freedom and prevent crime and war. Messy kitchens must sometimes become even messier before they create the best kind of challenge for the tidier minds that clean them up.
Distribution of nude, intimate and sexualized images individuals consent and against the wishes of those individuals whose image has been captured, is of growing concern across the world. Moving from the conceptualization of 'revenge porn' in the early 2000' s, through to our more sophisticated understanding of the issues of image-based abuse and non-consensual pornography this paper considers the broad context of these crimes. The paper draws on the concepts of online misogyny, gender-based victimization, and toxic masculinity. The progress towards criminalization of such online abuse, with reference to the recent introduction of new laws in England &Wales and Australia is examined. This shift from voluntary to statutory regulation, and from civil to criminal law remedies has been coupled with new crime prevention and control initiatives that seek to encourage reporting leading to prosecution and educate users and empower victims. As countries successively tackle image-based abuse through their own criminal justice systems and stakeholder engagement, there is a need to learn from and critique what has already been established. Summarizing the approaches undertaken in England & Wales and Australia we draw important conclusions that are based on the experiences of early responders, bringing together several best practices for the prevention and response to image-based abuse.
Nowadays, cyber-love scam cases in Malaysia are increasing along with cutting-edge technological advances. Therefore, this paper employs quantitative research methodology to explore the factors that influence the susceptibility to cyber-love scam victimization in Malaysia among individuals who have been victims of cyber-love scams and lodged the police reports in the state of Selangor, Malaysia. Based on Routine Activity Theory, this study investigates the relationship between demographic variables such as age, education level, marital status, monthly income and independent variables such as level of computer skills and the level of cyber fraud awareness. The findings of this study are useful for policy makers and enforcement agencies to protect the Internet users in Malaysia.
The recent cybercrimes growth is a serious issue, millions of people become the victim of cybercrime and most of them cannot be prevented easily just by strong passwords. The attacks include key logging, brute-forcing, guessing attacks, replay attack. In this paper, we will discuss an authentication scheme in which using an android phone we can tackle any such attacks and provide a secure authentication over insecure and low-security networks.
Firms spend enormous resources on digital advertising and promoting their brand online. In the meantime, ad fraud undertaken by cybercriminals cost $42 billion in 2019 and could reach $100 billion by 2023. However, while digital advertisers continue to wrestle with how to effectively counteract ad-fraud, the topic of advertising fraud itself has received little academic attention. Here, we investigate this gap between practice and research through an exploration of ad-fraud communities. Our research implemented a multimethod approach for data collection in a longitudinal (18 months, October 2017 to April 2019) online investigation of this phenomenon. Integrating qualitative and quantitative analysis, we examined (1) internal interactions within ad-fraud communities and (2) ad-fraud communities' performance and growth. Our online investigation extends our conceptual understanding of ad-fraud and explains how ad-fraud communities innovate. Our findings indicate that capabilities enacted by some communities foster requisite variety and enable the coordination of complex, iterative, and incremental dynamics (cocreation of artificial intelligence-based bots, customer involvement, and reinforcing capabilities). This research has both theoretical and practical implications for innovation in cybercriminal communities. Furthermore, we provide practical guidance for policy-makers and advertisers regarding how to improve their response to business threats. Indeed, a better understanding of how ad-fraud communities innovate enables organizations to develop countermeasures and intelligence capabilities.
Copyright industries represent an important part of the developed economies. The effective protection of copyright fulfills an important role in the advancement of innovation and economic development. However, in the digital economy, the protection of copyrighted works poses numerous and very difficult challenges. The protected works usually targeted by criminals are computer programs, motion pictures, video games, and musical compositions. The estimated or actual harm to copyright owners can amount to billions of dollars. Moreover, these offenses are sometimes perpetrated in connection with other crimes, such as conspiracy to commit racketeering or money laundering. This paper argues that criminal enforcement of copyright can be an important safeguard of economic and information security interests. The paper discusses essential aspects regarding the criminal protection of copyright in the United States. Based on a theoretically-informed, yet empirically-driven approach, which takes into account a large corpus of data, consisting mostly of cases brought to courts of law, the paper discusses the main aspects of the phenomenon. Finally, the paper proposes a number of measures that would improve the protection copyrighted works.
Purpose The purpose of this paper is to understand the influence of exposure to motivated offenders who may alter the vulnerability levels to phishing victimization. This is particularly focused on explaining the influences of individuals' online lifestyles and attitudes toward information sharing online on phishing susceptibility. Design/methodology/approach This conceptual paper explores the risk of phishing victimization using criminological theories. The authors draw on empirical evidence from existing cybercrime literature and revisit routine activities theory (RAT) and lifestyle RAT (LRAT) to elucidate the risk of phishing victimization. This paper proposes that cyber-RAT, which was developed from RAT and LRAT, could interpret phishing victimization. Grounded on the intervention-based theory against cybercrime phishing, this study suggests that an attitude toward precautionary behavior (information sharing online) is essential to mitigate the phishing victimization risk. Findings This paper aims to provide a clear insight into the understanding of phishing victimization risk using theoretical and empirical evidence. Originality/value The theoretical perspective outlined provides the understanding of the impacts of online routine activities on a phishing attack which in turn will increase the awareness of phishing threats. The important role of the precautionary countermeasure, that is, attitudes toward information sharing online is highlighted to reconcile the phishing victimization risk.
Risks from cybercrime and terrorists are in the news every day. What is not so well broadcast, however, are the risks that exist to operators from climate change. Here, Emma Fryer explores digital infrastructure in the context of climate change risks, aiming to present some indicators of the general state of readiness, to identify areas where greater scrutiny is needed and to stimulate discussion on how these risks should be managed looking ahead.
Ransomware incidents have increased dramatically in the past few years. The number of ransomware variants is also increasing, which means signature and heuristic-based detection techniques are becoming harder to achieve, due to the ever changing pattern of ransomware attack vectors. Therefore, in order to combat ransomware, we need a better understanding on how ransomware is being deployed, its characteristics, as well as how potential victims may react to ransomware incidents. This paper aims to address this challenge by carrying out an investigation on 18 families of ransomware, leading to a model for categorising ransomware behavioural characteristics, which can then be used to improve detection and handling of ransomware incidents. The categorisation was done in respect to the stages of ransomware deployment methods with a predictive model we developed called Randep. The stages are fingerprint, propagate, communicate, map, encrypt, lock, delete and threaten. Analysing the samples gathered for the predictive model provided an insight into the stages and timeline of ransomware execution. Furthermore, we carried out a study on how potential victims (individuals, as well as IT support staff at universities and SMEs) detect that ransomware was being deployed on their machine, what steps they took to investigate the incident, and how they responded to the attack. Both quantitative and qualitative data were collected through questionnaires and in-depth interviews. The results shed an interesting light into the most common attack methods, the most targeted operating systems and the infection symptoms, as well as recommended defence mechanisms. This information can be used in the future to create behavioural patterns for improved ransomware detection and response.
social media like Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn has gotten to be a portion of our lives. Cybercrime has ended up an imperative issue, particularly in creating nations. The spread of data with no hazard of being identified and brought leads to an increment in cybercriminals. In the meantime, the huge of information constantly generated from Twitter has made the method of detecting cybercriminals a troublesome task. This paper analyzes how content size such as tweets on Twitter, posts on Facebook, etc. on other social media played in the predict cybercrime. So, in this paper, we try to answer, What are the fit content sizes that have more effects on accuracy?. This paper presents a solution based on two techniques: Dominant Meaning DM, and Term Frequency Inverse Document Frequency TF-IDF. This solution constructs super comparable vectors for both pockets negative and positive from different contents that have the same size. These vector plays a vital role to predict pocket for input tweets. To overcome this challenge, we compared the performance of the two mentioned methods. Our results introduced recommendations sizes of content that answered the question of research. However, the recommendation sizes may be disturbed by changes in the technique that generate super comparable vectors. The range of improvement which comes from dominant meaning for precision, recall, and F1 values is 75%, 75%, 70.07% respectively.
"Background: The strong demand for health data by cybercrime exposes hospital structures in particular to IT risks. The greater connectivity to existing IT networks has in fact exposed Administrations to new IT security vulnerabilities, as healthcare is an extremely interesting target for cybercrime for two fundamental reasons: on the one hand, it is a source rich in valuable data and on the other, very often, the defenses are weak. Methods: The general purpose of the study was to investigate the cybersecurity in cardiology, a strategic field of the health care. The specific purpose of the study was: (I) to perform a first overview in this field; and (II) to investigate the opinion on the cyber-risk in cardiology directly interviewing the actors working in this field, using a properly designed questionnaire submitted using mobile technology. Results: Fifty seven cardiologists participated in the study and filled the proposed questionnaire on their smartphone/tablet. From a global point of view the output of this work allowed to highlight some important issues related to the perception of the cybersecurity specifically on the actors working in the field of the cardiology as for example their opinion on the received and/or needed training. Conclusions: A properly designed questionnaire has been: (I) proposed to investigate the perception of the cybersecurity among subjects working in cardiology; (II) successfully submitted to 57 cardiologists highlighting some critically important issues."
"As a typical cybercrime, cyber fraud poses severe threats to civilians' property safety and social stability. Traditional criminological theories such as routine activity theory focus mainly on the effects of individual characteristics on cybercrime victimization and ignore the impacts of macro-level environmental factors. This study aims at exploring the spatiotemporal pattern of cyber fraud crime in China and investigating the relationships between cyber fraud and environmental factors. The results showed that cyber fraud crimes were initially distributed in southeastern China and gradually spread towards the middle and northern regions; spatial autocorrelation analysis revealed that the spatial concentration trend of cyber fraud became more and more strong, and a strong distinction in cyber fraud clustering between the north and the south was identified. To further explain the formative causes of these spatial patterns, a generalized additive model (GAM) was constructed by incorporating natural and social environmental factors. The results suggested that the distribution of cyber fraud was notably affected by the regional economy and population structure. Also, the high incidence of cyber fraud crime was closely associated with a large nonagricultural population, a high proportion of tertiary industry in GDP, a large number of general college students, a longer cable length, and a large numbers of internet users."
The information revolution, coupled with the strategic leveraging of the Internet, has exposed a number of relatively open societies to the dangers of cybercriminal and cyberterrorist acts, especially in commercial business transactions. With the development of e-commerce, this commercial dark side has become known as cybercrime and has taken on many forms that affect the perceptions of the way we shop online. Corporations should realize that these threats to their online businesses have strategic implications to their business future and take proper measures to ensure that these threats are eliminated or significantly reduced so that consumer confidence in the Internet as an alternative means of shopping is maintained. These counter measures, coined as cybersecurity, have been developed to ensure the safety of consumer privacy and information and allow for a carefree shopping experience. There is need for the development of models that will allow corporations to study the effects of cybercrime on online consumer confidence and to counter through leveraging the benefits associated with the latest developments in cybersecurity. With these two facets of e-commerce impacting the online consumer, corporations must ensure that the security measures taken will ultimately prevail to assure that consumers will continue to use the Internet to satisfy their shopping needs.
"The water and wastewater sector is an important lifeline upon which other economic sectors depend. Securing the sector's critical infrastructure is therefore important for any country's economy. Like many other nations, South Africa has an overarching national cybersecurity strategy aimed at addressing cyber terrorism, cybercriminal activities, cyber vandalism, and cyber sabotage. The aim of this study is to contextualise the water and wastewater sector's cybersecurity responsibilities within the national cybersecurity legislative and policy environment. This is achieved by conducting a detailed analysis of the international, national and sector cybersecurity stakeholders; legislation and policies; and challenges pertaining to the protection of the water and wastewater sector. The study found some concerning challenges and improvement gaps regarding the complex manner in which the national government is implementing the cybersecurity strategy. The study also found that, along with the National Cybersecurity Policy Framework (the national cybersecurity strategy of South Africa), the Electronic Communications and Transactions Act, Critical Infrastructure Protection Act, and other supporting legislation and policies make provision for the water and wastewater sector's computer security incidents response team to be established without the need to propose any new laws or amend existing ones. This is conducive for the immediate development of the sector-specific cybersecurity governance framework and resilience strategy to protect the water and wastewater assets."
Online social networking sites have become very popular in this era due to easy accessibility of Internet. This popularity leads to continuous availability of multiple users, which resultantly attract more criminals and hence increasing insecurity in OSN. Different types of crimes are committed for multiple reasons in cyber realm by taking assistance of cyber technology. This insecure environment of OSN needs attention to prevent the damage caused by these crimes to society. Cyberbullying is reported as one of the harmful crimes causing psychological damage to victims. Cyberbullying has dangerous effects on the victim, which may also lead the victim to suicidal attempt. Victims of cyberbullying are usually afraid or embarrassed to reveal about their harassment. It has become a necessity to detect and prevent cyberbullying. Many researchers are working in multiple directions to achieve best results for automated cyberbullying detection. We have done a broad survey of all recent techniques proposed by researchers for cyberbullying detection and prediction. In the paper, we have presented taxonomy of multiple methods being used for cyberbullying detection. We also have presented a comparative analysis and classification of the work done in recent years.
Cybercrimes and cyberattacks have become serious threats to the internet-based life and work of people and organisations. Cyberdefenders and law enforcement have been waging a losing war against the determined and clever cybercriminals and cyberwarriors. The primary elements of cyberattack include hacking, malware, and DDoS attacks. This paper provides technical descriptions of how each element of cyberattack works, and what are some of the software tools used to aid it.
Scant research has investigated the illicit online ecosystem that enables the sale of stolen data. Even fewer studies have examined the longitudinal trends of the markets on which these data are bought and sold. To fill this gap in the literature, our research team identified 30 darknet markets advertising stolen data products from September 1, 2020, through April 30, 2021. We then developed python web scrapers to systematically extract information pertaining to stolen data products on a weekly basis. Using these data, we calculated the number of vendors, listings, sales, and revenue across the markets and at the aggregate, ecosystem level. Moreover, we developed a data-driven market classification system drawing from ecological principles and dominant firm theory. Findings indicate that markets vary in size and success. Although some markets generated over $91 million in revenue from stolen data products, the median revenue across markets during the observational period was only $95,509. Variability also exists across markets in respect to the number of vendors, listings, and sales. Only three markets were classified as financially successful and stable (i.e., dominant firms). We argue resources should be allocated to target markets fitting these criteria.
Card frauds are one of the most common types of banking frauds out of which card skimming contributes the major share. Investigation and prosecution of card skimming cases are mainly dependent on digital evidence requiring trained and skilled law enforcement officers. Further, a single incident of card skimming leads to collection of information from hundreds of cards and hence the identification of all the victims is the real challenge for an investigating officer. This paper discusses different issues pertaining to card skimming providing a general overview of the modus operandi, investigation process and constraints faced by law enforcement agencies.
Technology changes and improves, but sometimes progress in the field of information technology brings new challenges and can lead to problems with the law. Students tend to get in trouble with the law through improper use of mobile devices, cloud storages and unsafe internet resources. Photos taken, distributed through social media applications and stored in the cloud, browsing through data in the darknet (or deep web), cyber-mobbing and -bullying all these situations can cause kids and young adults to get in real trouble. The training of teenagers in this field is vital to keep them out of problems. There are a lot of institutions and organizations, both public and private which try to help teenagers in such situations, but social workers, lawyers, street-workers, judges, policemen and teachers are only able to show their point of view from their field of expertise. The combination of knowledge and information from specialists from different fields into courses, taught in schools is the proper way to deal with crimes caused by plain ignorance. This paper shows some typical situations, which may lead teenagers into trouble with the law based on real data from crime statistics and anonymized data from public trials furthermore it is shown how training courses could be created to solve these issues.
During the COVID-19 pandemic the risks to older adults of systemic abuse and neglect have become amplified, alongside increasing abuse and neglect in the community. Novel risks have also evolved involving cybercrime and the use of remote technologies in health and social care related to the pandemic. This commentary brings together lessons to be learned from these developments and initial ideas for actions to mitigate future risks.
This study utilized routine activity theory to examine the relationships between online behaviors, target suitability, and cyber and mobile phone-based bullying victimization in a nationally representative sample of youth from nine schools across Singapore. Key measures in all three categories-access to technology, online routine behaviors, and target suitability-were significant predictors of both forms of bullying victimization. In particular, females and victims of physical bullying were more likely to experience both forms of victimization. Access to technology and online routine behaviors predicted cyber and mobile phone-based bullying victimization differently. These findings demonstrate that routine activity theory is a viable framework to understand online bullying in non-Western nations, consistent with the existing literature on Western nations.
Terrorist attacks committed in the cyberspace represent a category of offences in the cyberspace, which refer to the abuses committed on the information and communication technology, this phenomenon being known also as cyberterrorism. In this study are analysed the most important legal instruments at European level in the field of prevention and combating terrorism: Council of Europe Convention on the Prevention of Terrorism and the Council Framework Decision 2002/475/JHA of 13 June 2002 on combating terrorism which has been amended by the Council Framework Decision 2008/919/JHA of 28 November 2008. In relation to the express regulation of the use of Internet in relation to terrorist acts, here are presented the best examples within the two regulation areas existent at present in the literature: computer-related terrorist attacks and illegal content. Moreover, in this study is analysed from the point of view of Social Learning Theory the way in which Internet network is used to develop terrorist activities.
Over the last two decades, there has been a massive increase in research examining terror and extremist-related violence. Few have considered the extent to which these same groups may engage in attacks against digital infrastructure and the Internet, whether through hacking or other methods. The absence of empirical evidence calls to question the nature and dynamics of cyberattacks performed by extremists and ideologically motivated actors. This study attempted to address this gap in the literature through a qualitative investigation of 26 attacks performed by far-left groups against targets in the UK, US, and Canada from 2000 to 2015. This data was compared to physical attacks documented in the Extremist Crime Database during the same period. The findings demonstrated that there was an increase in cyberattacks during a period of decreased physical violence by far-left groups. Additionally, there was some parity in the targets of far-left groups on- and off-line, with similar motivations to cause harm to or embarrass businesses, government organizations, and individuals. The implications of this study for our understanding of terror and future research were discussed in detail.
The growth of electronic commerce and malicious software tools designed to compromise various payment systems and computer networks has led to concurrent increase in data breaches, phishing, and hacking incidents targeting sensitive financial information. As a function of this increase, an underground market economy has developed around the sale of consumers' bank account details and other financial information. Recent research examining data markets operating on the Open Web demonstrate their basic functions and distribution of information sold. Emerging evidence suggests markets are now operating on the Dark Web, or encrypted web sites operating on Tor-based networks. Little research to date has compared the distribution of victim nations in stolen data markets nor examined any variations between Open and Dark Web operations. This study utilizes a rational choice framework to examine this gap using a sample of 18 forums and 15 shops hosted on the Open Web and Tor. Using statistical analyses to examining the geography of victimization, this study provides a preliminary test of the applicability of rational choice theory to market operations.
The importance of this research arises from the increasing influence and quick development of self-learning programs in human life, which are the focus of this article's criminological investigation. Notably, the speed with which new partnerships are criminalized is not unique. However, the Act does not explicitly criminalize the usage of neural networks or AI for socially detrimental purposes. The author explores objective evidence of misconduct and deviance in AI answers. The research reveals that self-taught programs can impair public relations and put the public at risk. AI may fully implement the goal side of certain crimes in the future. The essay discusses using self-learning systems to commit crimes. The content of human intellectual and volitional behavior constitutes AI's guilt. It's also worth noting that AI-caused harm was caused by a system failing to perform its job adequately in most situations. Based on subjective indicators, AI-enabled product developers, makers, sellers, users, and others were identified. If given permission, AI can operate as a criminal psychologist.
A large increase has been shown in the number of cyberbullying cases among school students for the past decades. The rates of cyberbullying have increased due to the extensive use of mobile devices among the students. Thus, it is important to identify the factors of cyberbullying in order to address the issues appropriately. The aim of this research is to assess the association of cyberbullying victim with demographic profiles. This study focuses on different types of secondary school in Malaysia. A quantitative method was adopted in this study using survey questionnaires. Chi square test was used to test the association of cyberbullying victim with demographic profiles. Logistic Regression was used to determine the significant factors that contribute to the cyberbullying victim. The results indicate that the type of schools has significant impact to cyberbullying.
The global spread of technology and the Internet has produced unique threats that previously did not exist, such as computer hacking and the spread of malicious software to compromise computer systems. These acts have considerable economic and social consequences, leading them to be criminalized in most countries. Recent research with U.S. college samples have found that peer behavior and attitudes supportive of offending are correlated with involvement in hacking. Few have considered these relationships in a cross-national context, particularly with respect to the creation of malicious software. This study addresses these limitations through an examination of college students across three regions: the United States, Taiwan, and South Africa (N=1,065). The findings from this study demonstrate differences in the neutralizations and definitions associated with both hacking and malware use as well as regional influences on offending. The implications of this study for research on the techniques of neutralization are discussed in detail.
While the needs for generic IT staff have been generally addressed in many places, the lack of specialized workforce is a growing problem, especially in cybersecurity - falling behind in addressing cybercrime can lead to serious problems. Not only should the common cybersecurity awareness be raised, but more people should also be guided to specialize in cybersecurity. The cost of cybersecurity education and awareness campaigns is far less than the price of dealing with enormous consequences of cybercrime - in 2018, 600 Billion was reported in CSIS [17] by Internet Society, and it doubles annually. In some countries, the problem has been recognized more than in others. The Estonian CyberSecurity Strategy (2019) points out the need to educate all citizens, improve education in schools and find new talents for the field [11]. The new curriculum of Informatics of which 1 3 covers the cyber skills was developed in 2017, new materials will be available in 2019. In this paper we provide an overview of Estonian digital safety and cybersecurity curricula as well as discuss how to educate the masses and what to do with talents (how to detect talent and build up the talent pool). We will look at three years' work and studies (including the Cyber Olympics program) to offer ideas and perhaps inspiration to other countries. We also list a number of initiatives and tools that could help in updating the cybersecurity education and channeling resources in a more effective way.
"With the proliferation of the internet and increased global access to online media, cybercrime is also occurring at an increasing rate. Currently, both personal users and companies are vulnerable to cybercrime. A number of tools including firewalls and Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS) can be used as defense mechanisms. A firewall acts as a checkpoint which allows packets to pass through according to predetermined conditions. In extreme cases, it may even disconnect all network traffic. An IDS, on the other hand, automates the monitoring process in computer networks. The streaming nature of data in computer networks poses a significant challenge in building IDS. In this paper, a method is proposed to overcome this problem by performing online classification on datasets. In doing so, an incremental naive Bayesian classifier is employed. Furthermore, active learning enables solving the problem using a small set of labeled data points which are often very expensive to acquire. The proposed method includes two groups of actions i.e. offline and online. The former involves data preprocessing while the latter introduces the NADAL online method. The proposed method is compared to the incremental naive Bayesian classifier using the NSL-KDD standard dataset. There are three advantages with the proposed method: (1) overcoming the streaming data challenge; (2) reducing the high cost associated with instance labeling; and (3) improved accuracy and Kappa compared to the incremental naive Bayesian approach. Thus, the method is well-suited to IDS applications."
In the face of a possible computer crime or disciplinary offense in which digital elements have been used (as a means or as an end) and that is the subject of investigation, different procedures are required to know what, how, who and when the possible punishable act has occurred. The objective of this paper is the design of a methodology for the development of a forensic investigation. For this, the method used were the processes and methods accepted by the scientific and technical community for the adequate management and treatment of digital evidence (chain of custody), in order to be a technical support tool for administrative cases in Colombian government institutions within the context of Law 1952 of 2019. As a result, there is a proposal that can be used for the application of the General Disciplinary Code in terms of obtaining digital evidence, with which, it is concluded that the different researchers have at their disposal a process that can lead to optimal results, thereby comply with the law.
Regardless the level they're at and the referenced timeframe, economic exchanges are based on two fundamental elements - demand and supply. The new technologic revolution altered existing parameters, the transfer speed being strongly affected. Economic models unknown at the time were the basis of the development of new applied strategies that proved useful or lead to financial collapse. Liquidity deficits created as a result of wrong interpretations and the involvement of some financial- banking and insurance institutions in market regulation mechanisms spurred the emergence of international entities aimed at recovering and maintaining balance.
"Cyber threats and extortionate communications usually aim to influence the behavior or obtain compliance from victims. The phenomenon includes a wide range of forms, such as intimate partner violence; violence against women; dating abuse; sexual harassment; sexual coercion and extortion; etc. The victimization is linked to personal insecurity or disruption, mental and physical health, work or school performance, may represent a high financial burden, affecting negatively the sustainable development in a number of ways. The scale, scope, and challenges posed by this criminal phenomenon cannot be overstated. A deep analysis of the nature and extent of cyber extortion and threat is an essential component in the design of control strategies and programs. This research aims to provide an in-depth examination of the cyber threats and extortion phenomenon. The approach is interdisciplinary and empirically-informed. The analysis was done on a large number of cases and provides a comprehensive description of the essential characteristics of the phenomenon, including forms, communication vectors, and consequences for victims. The article concludes with recommendations for effectively addressing the phenomenon."
"Online advertising is a complex ecosystem that enables one of the most profitable businesses, which has become the target of abuse for botnets. For example, recent charges filed from the United States Department of Justice against the operators of the DNSChanger botnet stated that the botnet stole at least $14 million (Antonakakis et al., 2012; LawFuel Editors, 2014) from online advertisers during its lifetime just short of two years. In this paper we present a system, A(2)S, to analyze one of the most complex, sophisticated, and long-lived botnets: TDSS/TDL4. Using passive datasets from a large Intemet Service Provider in the United States, we estimated conservative lower bounds of advertisers' loss caused by the botnet. Over its entire life span, less than 15% of TDSS/TDL4 population caused at least $346 million in damages to advertisers, primarily due to impression fraud. This translates to an average of $340 thousand daily loss to advertisers, which is three times the last reported estimate from the analysis of ZeroAccess botnet (Pearce et al., 2014) and more than ten times of the daily impact the DNSChanger botnet (Meng et al., 2013) had to the ad ecosystem. Our study is the first to reveal the extent of the abuse that botnets bring to the ad ecosystem from the outside: the edge of the. Internet. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
Information exchange has become increasingly faster and efficient through the use of recent technological advances, such as instant messaging and social media platforms. Consequently, access to information has become easier. However, new types of cybersecurity threats that typically result in data loss and information misuse have emerged simultaneously. Therefore, maintaining data privacy in complex systems is important and necessary, particularly in organizations where the vast majority of individuals interacting with these systems is students. In most cases, students engage in data breaches and digital misconduct due to the lack of knowledge and awareness of cybersecurity and the consequences of cybercrime. The aim of this study was to investigate and evaluate the level of cybersecurity awareness and user compliance among undergraduate students at Majmaah University using a scientific questionnaire based on several safety factors for the use of the Internet. We quantitatively evaluated the knowledge of cybercrime and protection among students to show the need for user education, training, and awareness. In this study, we used a quantitative research methodology and conducted different statistical tests, such as ANOVA, Kaiser-Meyer-Olkin (KMO), and Bartlett's tests, to evaluate and analyze the hypotheses. Safety concerns for electronic emails, computer viruses, phishing, forged ads, popup windows, and supplementary outbreaks on the Internet were well-examined in this study. Finally, we present recommendations based on the collected data to deal with this common problem.
The procedure of the identification and analysis of electronic data is the digital forensics framework. The purpose of the procedure is to retain evidence in its primordial form by gathering, identifying and validating digital information in order to recreate events of the past. For the use of data in a court of law, the context is most appropriate. The evidence aspect of digital forensics requires strict requirements to be followed in court for cross-examination. One major pitfall in the digital forensic analysis is the possible admissibility of collected evidence in the court of law. Digital forensic analysis must comply with the quality of evidence and its admissibility to trial successfully. In this work, we proposed a new network forensic investigation process model. We precisely establish a methodology of investigation for the computer network.
Synthetic audio and video content are enormously growing in the Internet world today, creating many problems in recent years. The use of techniques such as artificial intelligence over multimedia to create fake content is known as DeepFake. It challenges the reality and genuineness of the created high-quality audio and video content. The synthetic media created is almost similar to the real media, and with bare eyes, it is almost impossible to differentiate them. Though the DeepFake has also been a boon in many multimedia fields such as film making, advertising, and animation industry to create magnetic media, it has also become a threat to society. There is software available across the Internet that can be used even by a novice to create fake multimedia contents that look very realistic and used for various criminal activities. The applications such as Snapchat, Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, and TikTok use multimedia as its contents. Social media applications can be easily falsified and can cause severe threats both personally and psychologically using DeepFake technology. Hence, there is a need for tools to detect the forged contents in the media to check and authenticate the data's genuineness and integrity. This chapter highlights the various challenges the human race faces because of the DeepFake technology and the limitation of different forensic tools available to analyze and forecast the challenging future and understand the solutions incorporated to secure the current data situation.
The objective of this article was to identify the characteristics of crime investigation in the action of provoking someone's suicide on the Internet, identifying the main problems, characteristics of the investigation and prospects for improvement of the crime investigation methodology. For the development of the article the following methods were used to meet the objectives: comparative legal method, historical and comparative methods, which made it possible to analyze the state, problems, and prospects for the development of Ukrainian legislation in the field of liability for causing someone to commit suicide. The article also involves the method of systematization, which provided the opportunity to study the genesis and changes in the legislation that regulates the matter. It was concluded that there was a lack of good practices and an effective system for investigating Internet crimes, due to the peculiarities of the development and use of the Internet, as well as rapid technological advancement. Comparing the experience of the EU and the US, it was determined that preventive and educational functions are the main ones in this area, helping to prevent relevant crimes.
In this paper, we describe a new type of online fraud, referred to as 'eWhoring' by offenders. This crime script analysis provides an overview of the 'eWhoring' business model, drawing on more than 6,500 posts crawled from an online underground forum. This is an unusual fraud type, in that offenders readily share information about how it is committed in a way that is almost prescriptive. There are economic factors at play here, as providing information about how to make money from 'eWhoring' can increase the demand for the types of images that enable it to happen. We find that sexualised images are typically stolen and shared online. While some images are shared for free, these can quickly become 'saturated', leading to the demand for (and trade in) more exclusive 'packs'. These images are then sold to unwitting customers who believe they have paid for a virtual sexual encounter. A variety of online services are used for carrying out this fraud type, including email, video, dating sites, social media, classified advertisements, and payment platforms. This analysis reveals potential interventions that could be applied to each stage of the crime commission process to prevent and disrupt this crime type.
Cybercrimes are emerging trends on the Internet. Free instant communications, like LINE or WhatsApp, bring close to our family and friends around the globe. People in Taiwan use LINE application more frequently than others. This study uses Wireshark to explore the cybercriminal behind the LINE voice calls. Some algorithms are identified to the criminal's IP address by way of LINE voice calls. It will be helpful for Law Enforcement Agencies (LEAs) to prosecute cybercriminals, and bring them to justice.
As critical systems are increasingly dependent on software and are connected to the Internet, insider threats will be of ongoing concern. For example, corrupt insiders could deliberately introduce malicious software into the organisation's system to surreptitiously gain control, and launch online attacks via and against compromised systems. In this paper, we present a method that an insider can use to facilitate data exfiltration from an air-gapped system without using any modified hardware. The method presented here uses inaudible sounds transmitted from the target machine's speakers, which can transfer data to a nearby computer equipped with a microphone. We demonstrate how inaudible communication bridge air-gapped systems without any additional hardware. Our system is low-risk for an insider as it only requires one-off access to a system, and can be erased leaving little-to-no trace once it is no longer required. Finally we provide some recommendations for organisations to avoid similar data exfiltration techniques.
Artificial intelligence is really a kind of computerized version of human intelligence. The way artificial intelligence works is like learning iteratively again and again, just like humans. In this generation, the threat of landscape is unquestionably evolving. The cyber attackers are entirely focused on financial rewards. But the department has found a new way to prevent attacks before they occur, as the old traditional way can no longer be relied upon. This paper introduces the need for the development of cybersecurity skills and how artificial intelligence can be implied to improve skills through the use of artificial neural networks and machine learning algorithms.
The fifth generation of cellular networks (5G) will enable different use cases where security will be more critical than ever before (e.g. autonomous vehicles and critical IoT devices). Unfortunately, the new networks are being built on the certainty that security problems cannot be solved in the short term. Far from reinventing the wheel, one of our goals is to allow security software developers to implement and test their reactive solutions for the capillary network of 5G devices. Therefore, in this paper a solution for analysing proximity-based attacks in 5G environments is modelled and tested using OMNET++. The solution, named CRAT, is able to decouple the security analysis from the hardware of the device with the aim to extend the analysis of proximity-based attacks to different use-cases in 5G. We follow a high-level approach, in which the devices can take the role of victim, offender and guardian following the principles of the routine activity theory.
The aim of our research is to check if public services' digitalization has an influence on economic and financial crime. We split economic and financial crime into its main forms and measured them using relevant indicators. For public services' digitalization we consider indicators regarding online services' quality, telecommunication infrastructure and e-government involvement. We also consider control variables that might affect the nexus between the main variables. Our sample comprise 185 countries, being split by developed and developing countries. Our processings are done in Eviews7, using Panel Least Squared Method. We test the relationship between public services' digitalization and each component of economic and financial crime. The conclusions show a decrease of economic and financial crime with an increase of public services' digitalization. In some particular cases, for developing countries we can observe a slight increase of the phenomenon. Our study completes the specialized literature because it includes a wider sample and a more complex set of indicators. It can also be very useful in developing national strategies and policies regarding the economic and financial crime issue. Digitalization is not a cause for concern when law is respected. If we have functional policies, technology will become citizen's most accessible tool.
This research includes the examination of the views of pre-service teachers on cybercrimes. For this purpose, it was aimed to determine the students' opinions about their preventive attitude towards these crimes. The study was carried out with 282 pre-service teachers at the Near East University Ataturk Education Faculty in Northern Cyprus in the 2018-2019 academic year. In the study, personal information form, validity and reliability provided by Gozler and Tasci (2015) and the Student Opinion Scale on Informatics Concepts and Crimes were used as data collection tools. According to the findings of the study, it was concluded that general views of pre-service teachers on informatics concepts and cybercrimes are at a moderate level and education on this subject should be increased.
Objective: To awareness in securing digital data either offline or online. Technology or Method: Based on literature studies that have been done, the increase in Internet users is not comparable with increased awareness of data security or information by users, which causes vulnerability to users of losing their data. Result: This paper will provide recommendations for securing data, which is cryptographic techniques and steganography. Cryptography is an art or science of keeping data or message security, while steganography is the science of hiding messages or data into a media. Users in performing data security can use these techniques, data security applications are already widely provided by developers of data security. Regular change of passwords in various accounts on Internet services is also one of the ways to secure accounts and data stored on Internet services. Conclusion: Based on the recommendation by the Internet users can minimize the theft or destruction of digital data by cyber criminals.
The Internet of Things (IoT) is a network of physical objects or things implanted with electronics, software, sensors, and connectivity to allow them to exchange data with servers, centralized systems, and other connected devices using several communication systems. IoT data is assembled from various sensors, nodes, and collectors and sent to the cloud. It is the most reliable framework for improving the quality and comfort of human life. It has made a substantial contribution to a wide range of applications. By 2020, it is expected that 31 billion IoT devices will be deployed worldwide. The rapid growth of smart devices and their reliance on wireless mechanics for data transfer have increased their vulnerability to cyberattacks. As a result, studying IoT security dangers and viable countermeasures can aid academics in discovering acceptable solutions to various cybercrime investigation challenges. In this study, various security vulnerabilities at each layer are also examined in-depth and corrective options for smart city applications and Industry 4.0. A comparison analysis of IoT/IIoT wireless communication features and security challenges in IoT systems is also part of this study. The relevance of IoT forensics in cybercrime investigation in many areas such as smart homes, smart cities, automated cars, and healthcare is also discussed in this study. This article presents IoT security concerns and open issues, laying the groundwork for future research.
Amid the rapid growth of Internet users, cybercrime is becoming one of the most challenging tasks for the systems and applications designers to deal with. The cybercrime threat is reflected in the increased number of cases and methods used by criminals. Systems based on cloud computing are natural targets due to their complexity (greater room for security weaknesses) and increasing popularity. Cloud computing is a modern technology that enables users to share resources in a virtual storage and computing environment. A cloud system is based on multiple physical servers. It provides a universal environment with a (large) number of Virtual Machines (VMs) that is available to many users accessing this system via the Internet. This form of access makes cloud systems weaker than physical networks. In order to prevent or minimize the number of attacks and in turn to secure data storage, any malicious behaviour such as external undesirable interventions should be rapidly identified and halted if possible. In this paper, we focus on the discovery of malicious behaviour via determining unwanted symptoms rather than via targeting particular malicious behaviours of the system directly. The main contribution of this paper consists in several new mechanisms for monitoring Virtual Machines and further experimental work targeting efficient ways of visiting VMs in order to discover malicious symptoms. We want to find the fastest and the best set of weights for visiting VMs.
In this extended and updated paper, the experimental construction of a new attacker typology grounded in real-life data is proposed, using grounded theory analysis and over 300 publicly available documents containing details of digital banking related cybercrime and involved attackers. Seven attacker profiles forming the typology specific to the case of digital banking are presented. An initial light-touch evaluation approach based on peer review feedback and basic heuristics is suggested. A short excursus on circumplex models is added to address this visualisation tool used across past categorisation efforts.
This study aims to evaluate the Islamic family inheritance laws of various Muslim nations and the cybercrime issues associated with these laws. The Quran contains Allah Almighty's just and equitable teaching regarding the equitable distribution of a deceased person's property among his legal successors. Violating these constraints and Islamic laws renders a person a miscreant before the Almighty on the Day of Judgement and legally. As a result, many Muslim nations strictly adhere to the inheritance guidelines that Islam has outlined. In addition, the present research aims to assess the impact of cybercrimes on inheritance laws by identifying how cybercriminals can violate legal constraints and break the law for their benefit. Numerous practical and theoretical implications result from the research. As this research contributes to the expanding corpus of literature on Islamic inheritance laws in Muslim countries, a global perspective is taken. This research has multiple practical benefits for practitioners in Muslim nations that oversee legal regulations. As cybercrime has also negatively influenced the breaching or violating of laws, policymakers of Muslim countries have been provided with useful insights through this research to amend the legislations and legal laws and impose severe punishments on those who violate these laws or engage in cybercriminal activities. The limitations of the investigation are also discussed in this study.
Digital evidence underpin the majority of crimes as their analysis is an integral part of almost every criminal investigation. Even if we temporarily disregard the numerous challenges in the collection and analysis of digital evidence, the exchange of the evidence among the different stakeholders has many thorny issues. Of specific interest are cross-border criminal investigations as the complexity is significantly high due to the heterogeneity of legal frameworks, which beyond time bottlenecks can also become prohibiting. The aim of this article is to analyse the current state of practice of cross-border investigations considering the efficacy of current collaboration protocols along with the challenges and drawbacks to be overcome. Further to performing a legally oriented research treatise, we recall all the challenges raised in the literature and discuss them from a more practical yet global perspective. Thus, this article paves the way to enabling practitioners and stakeholders to leverage horizontal strategies to fill in the identified gaps timely and accurately.
During the past few years, social engineering has rapidly evolved and has become a mainstream technique in cybercrime and terrorism. It is used especially in targeted attacks involving complex human and technological exploits, aimed at deceiving humans and IT systems. Building on the work carried out in the DOGANA project, funded by the European Union, this paper provides an overview of the evolution and of the current landscape of social engineering, and introduces as its main contribution a theoretical model of how human exploits are built, named the Victim Communication Stack.
The increasing militarisation of cyber-space comes in response to fears of critical damage caused by digital weapons like Distributed Denial-of-Service (DDoS). Understanding that the botnets are the key platform behind DDoS, we compared the costs of running a large-scale attack with the approximate downtime loss in a country-scale attack in case of Serbia, showing that DDoS are readily available weapons of possible mass disruption. Taken as a whole, this paper suggests responding to risks by combating cybercrime as the DDoS enabler, rather than by militarisation.
"Over the last few years, there has been a steady increase in smart home technology's pervasiveness, to the degree where consumer IoT is part of many homes. As our homes become complex cyber-physical spaces, the risk to our physical security from attacks originating in cyberspace becomes much more significant. Within the literature, there is much discussion about the technical vulnerabilities within the smart home. However, this is often not linked to a rich understanding of how an attacker could exploit them. In this paper, we focus on residential burglary and develop a rich understanding of the process by which residential burglary is committed and the effect of the smart home on this process. By combining two areas of the academic literature, residential burglary and smart-home security, this paper provides an academically grounded discussion that places the nascent vulnerabilities associated with the smart-home into the context of the process by which burglary is committed. The commission of residential burglary is a complex decision-making process, which the public often simplifies into planned or unplanned crimes; this is a dangerous oversimplification. The analysis identifies some increased risk during the target selection stage phase. However, in the short term, residential burglars are unlikely to exploit smart home technology routinely. (c) 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
Longitudinal criminological studies greatly improved our understanding of the longitudinal patterns of criminality. These studies, however, focused almost exclusively on traditional types of offending and it is therefore unclear whether results are generalizable to online types of offending. This study attempted to identify the developmental trajectories of active hackers who perform web defacements. The data for this study consisted of 2,745,311 attacks performed by 66,553 hackers and reported to Zone-H between January 2010 and March 2017. Semi-parametric group-based trajectory models were used to distinguish six different groups of hackers based on the timing and frequency of their defacements. The results demonstrated some common relationships to traditional types of crime, as a small population of defacers accounted for the majority of defacements against websites. Additionally, the methods and targeting practices of defacers differed based on the frequency with which they performed defacements generally.
The authors seek to understand the relationship between the outcomes of traditional Security Education Training & Awareness (SETA) programs, which have been popular in Information Systems (IS) as a mechanism to protect users from cybercrime. The issue is that most SETA programs in IS change at the pace much slower than the pace of cybercriminal tactics. Therefore, the authors propose viewing SETA outcomes through the lens of the psychological concept of resiliency. This paper proposes a model that extends reputable resiliency theories and models to the field of IS Security.
Purpose:The prevalence of cyberstalking, with its substantial harm to victims, highlights the importance of identifying the factors contributing to its occurrence. This study assesses, through an advanced three-level metaanalytic approach, the relative predictive validity of sociodemographic, background, risk, and protective domains of predictors associated with cyberstalking perpetration and victimization. Methods:In each domain, multiple subdomains were measured for dozens of individual contributing factors. An extensive systematic search yielded 57 eligible studies, describing 54 independent samples between 2002 and 2022 with 515 effect sizes. Results:Multilevel meta-analysis results revealed that the background domain had the largest composite effect sizes for both cyberstalking perpetration and victimization, followed by the risk domain, whereas sociodemographic and protective domains had no significant effect. According to the moderator analyses, the effect sizes of background and risk domains varied depending on the age of the sample and the country of the data, highlighting the need for future synthesis studies to identify the unique contributing factors to cyberstalking in adult samples from various countries. Conclusions:Findings from this meta-analysis provide valuable evidence for the development of primary prevention and risk assessment-management, as well as cyberstalking security and guardianship.
Since its presentation by Apple, both the iPhone and iPad devices have achieved a great success and gained widespread popularity. This fact, added to the given idiosyncrasies of these new portable devices and the kind of data they may store open new opportunities in the field of computer forensics. In 2010, version 4 of their operating system (iOS) introduced AirPrint, a simple and driverless wireless printing functionality supported by some network printers. This paper presents an analysis of the traces left by AirPrint and assesses whether it is feasible to recover them in the context of a forensic investigation.
The age of the internet has thrown down some real challenges to the Computer Misuse Act 1990. Recently, the Government made changes to this piece of legislation, in an attempt to meet two of those challenges-the proliferation of Denial of Service (DoS) attacks, and the creation and dissemination of Hackers' tools-and to fulfil international commitments on cybercrime. Yet some of these new measures invite criticisms of policy, form and content, and bring doubts about how easy to interpret, and how enforceable, they will be.
Most cyber threats and attacks on a system, an organisation or a nation have significant consequences, especially on missions, and can affect even an unintended target. Nigeria is vulnerable to such threats, the most pressing of which is cybercrime that sabotage economic prosperity and damage reputation. This cybercrime is a result of (mostly internal) cybercriminal threats exploiting weaknesses in high population lacking security consciousness, inadequate low-level security controls, poor governmental sustainable commitment, poverty and lack of capacity. Nigerian National Cyber Security Strategy (NNCSS) needs to be optimized to consider Nigerian peculiarity and concepts critical to strategy development. For instance, Nigerian electronic fraud forum (NEFF) is the only partnership scheme cutting across different sectors and is tailored towards monetary transaction. We, therefore, identified critical control issues in NNCSS, give suggestions to strengthen NNCSS-an algorithmic step for risk based strategy development and an adjustment to the institutional setting. Considered all together, a framework of a model to enhance the strategy is given. Nigeria is a strategic country-known for some cyber threats, and an enhancement of its existing cyber security strategic approaches will not only ensure adequate security to the country but also others. For example, cooperation, a significant element of strategy, fostered at various levels (international through local) strengthens the course of nations efforts to cyber security.
The rise in the usage of cyberspace and technologies has introduced innovative ways for cybercrimes. Businesses are vulnerable to various cybercrimes, which eventually leaves them exposed. Cyber threats mostly attack businesses and ultimately cause cybercrimes. In most cases, networked devices become a primary target to commit cybercrimes. Cybercrimes come in the form of a cyber-threat, including information security threats and intrusion, which eventually cost money. These threats mostly come as cyberattacks such as malware, denial of service, data breaches, password attacks, device or network exploitation, and phishing attacks. While small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs) conveniently use the Internet benefits for instant service delivery, cybercrimes simultaneously quantified to disrupt the business plan, resulting in significant information loss, fraud, and financial loss. This paper reports the common cyber crimes caused by information security threats, fraud attempts, and intrusion threats. The article further reports the impact of cyber threats on businesses. For this purpose, this investigation considered 20 SMBs as a sample. Due to the COVID19 Pandemic, an online survey was employed to collect data, and the content analysis was used to interpret and analyze to draw the results. Findings revealed that cybercrimes are a common challenge to all SMBs. Results also showed that SMBs were affected by cybercrimes related to malicious code attempts (malware), intrusion (unauthorized access and modification of data), fraud (robbery, inside attempts, and the use of the memory sticks). Humans cause some cybercrimes. Businesses reported that cybercrimes directly affects business performance, business continuity, customer trust, business reputation, and economic growth. The paper concluded with recommendations for future work.
Although there exists a growing amount of empirical literature documenting the correlates of cyberstalking victimization, research has yet to elaborate on the potential mechanisms that can explain the risk for cyberstalking victimization. We proposed an integrated theory, which combined low self-control, control deficit, peers' online deviant behavior, and online deviant lifestyles based on previous research. We tested this integrated theory specifically for cyberstalking victimization using original data from a sample of 408 Iranian college women. Relying on structural equation modeling, we found that low self-control and peers' online deviant behaviors were significantly associated with cyberstalking victimization not only directly but also indirectly via online deviant lifestyles. Overall, our findings yielded strong support for the integrated model to explain cyberstalking victimization.
The study of cryptocurrency as an economic tool has been the focus of attention of states and the international community over the past ten years. Many economists and government officials are very skeptical about the use of cryptocurrency by business entities. Using the anonymity of transactions carried out via the Internet the criminal world, on the contrary, conduct illegal transactions, for example, engage in money laundering, finance terrorism and extremism, promote the development of marketing channels for drugs and psychotropic substances. This kind of research is one of the first for the Republic of Kazakhstan. In this research, the authors tried to identify the potential opportunities and threats to the development of the cryptocurrency market in the context of combating money laundering and the financing of terrorism. Based on the analysis of international practices in the field of cryptocurrency market regulation, as well as the expert interviewing conducted by the authors, 2 main problems of cryptocurrency market development in Kazakhstan are identified. Firstly, the security problems of using cryptocurrency in the context of technical support, secondly, the lack of regulatory infrastructure for the development of the crypto currency market in the Republic of Kazakhstan. Finally, the authors come to the conclusion that the Republic of Kazakhstan is currently not ready to develop the cryptocurrency market, since there are a number of organizational and legal issues. Nevertheless, the authors are convinced that Kazakhstan should be part of the global crypto market and should be actively involved in the development, implementation and regulation of the cryptocurrency market
"Cyberspace is a very real man-made environment. Like any physical realm, while it offers potential for progress and benefits, it also offers opportunities for misconduct, and cyber criminals and cyber terrorists are continually searching out weaknesses in the defences that have been erected against them. There is one weakness that is pervasive across society: our individual lack of awareness, and of how to protect ourselves and our organisations against cyber attack. This paper reports on an EU funded project called SUCCEED (Shaping University Curricula to Critical Infrastructure Employer Needs) which seeks to reduce that vulnerability through education; specifically, we want to advise Higher Education Institutions of measures by which curricula can be augmented to ensure that all graduates have an appropriate level of cyber savvy. The paper's structure reflects the project's straightforward approach: first we identified what is needed in terms of knowledge and understanding of how to be protected in cyberspace; second we examined current provision (primarily to identify gaps, but also to refer to best-practice); third we will outline recommendations based on our findings from the first and second phases; and fourth we will have these recommendations validated by relevant stakeholders (including representatives from industry, government organisations and academia) in order to distil our conclusions, which will be disseminated and exploited further as final contributions of the project. This paper presents current progress of the SUCCEED project, in particular the results and findings obtained from the first two phases of the project. This is a relatively modest project, and will not claim to provide a definitive solution. However, we believe it can provide an important first step towards an enrichment of curricula that will better prepare graduates to cope with the dangers and risks from terrorists and cyber criminals in the digital future they will all participate in. Only thus can they SUCCEED in cyberspace, by staying safe and secure in the digital realm -through education."
The online dating romance scam is an Advance Fee Fraud, typically conducted by international criminal groups via online dating sites and social networking sites. This type of mass-marketing fraud (MMF) is the most frequently reported type of MMF in most Western countries. This study examined the psychological characteristics of romance scam victims by comparing romance scam victims with those who had never been scammed by MMFs. Romance scam victims tend to be middle-aged, well-educated women. Moreover, they tend to be more impulsive (scoring high on urgency and sensation seeking), less kind, more trustworthy, and have an addictive disposition. It is argued here that these findings might be useful for those developing prevention programs and awareness campaigns.
Although information technology's positive impacts on businesses and individuals are substantial, cybercrime continues to represent one of the greatest threats in the digital world. Advances in biometric technology's capabilities hold promise for solving this problem by offering users greater protection, but more legislative and social-policy work is needed to help realize the technology's full potential. In the near term, however, organizations can begin by incorporating users' security and privacy concerns into their biometric policies in terms of data collection, storage, access, and use.
We report the synthesis and photoluminescence (PL) behavior of a new molecular system, which is composed of three positional isomers. They exhibit isomeric effects on both aggregation-induced emission (ME) and intramolecular charge transfer (ICT) mechanisms. Furthermore, one of them, Le., (E)-5-methoxy-2-(((6-methylbenzo [d]thiazol-2-yl)imino)methyl)phenol (MTP3), shows unique mechanochromic fluorescence (MCF) phenomenon. Unlike most MCF materials that would function immediately after applying mechanical force, the MCF character of this material is however recessive with mechanical force, but becomes visible upon fumigation treatment. Given that the MCF is activated under specific conditions, it is termed as conditional mechanochromic fluorescence (CMCF) in this study. In light of the CMCF property of MTP3, a new data encryption-decryption technique was developed. Binary data and complex patterns can be recorded by mechanical force and concealed on the tailor-made data storage. The encoded data cannot be read unless it is fumed by organic vapour, demonstrating a successful encryption-decryption technique. The CMCF offers great potential to be the alternative to encryption algorithms and may contribute greatly to data security and cybercrime prevention.
Brexit is likely to have an effect on UK-EU cyber security cooperation. While there are ongoing reasons to be positive about the state of UK-EU cyber security, Tim Stevens and Kevin O'Brien show how Brexit will have negative impacts on cybercrime policing and cyber threat intelligence sharing, particularly in a no-deal' scenario, and argue that the absence of a negotiated settlement will damage the cyber security of the UK and the EU.
Cybercrime is everywhere in cyberspace. Cybersecurity is a set of technologies, processes and policies to protect the enterprise information asset to prevent business loss assets from the cyber attackers. Planning a sustainable and reliable cybersecurity system is an essential initial step since the large amount of investment on the system has long lasting impact. This paper introduces a multiple criteria decision making method using the Primitive Cognitive Network Process (PCNP) for the cyber-security investment decision making.
In today's world, a multidimensional corporate security strategy has never been more essential for protecting physical assets, intellectual property and human life. The globalization of business means that companies often have offices in far-flung locations where local laws, public safety and political unrest create risk. Even on home soil, the threats of workplace violence, active shooters and terrorism call for more-sophisticated and coordinated vigilance, while the growing threat of cybercrime adds another layer of vulnerability to critical organizational assets.
Fiji faces consistent dangers and possible assaults on different data resources. As such it is basic to comprehend the current danger scene of Fiji, the enactments used to dissuade IT related wrongdoing and the weaknesses of such enactments. This research has been undertaken through an investigation of recent media postings and an assessment of research articles and legislations. As needs be, Fiji experiences a wide assortment of dangers and assaults, for example, music theft, digital harassing, sextortion, email compromises and spoofing, scams, cyclones, loss of power and so on. The fundamental enactment used to indict cybercrimes is the Crimes Decree 2009 alongside other applicable enactment, for example, the Copyright Act 1999 and other auxiliary enactments. Fiji Legislations experiences an assortment of shortcomings concerning absence of capacity to deal with the unpredictable and differed cybercrimes, absence of least guidelines and trouble in doing fruitful indictments. Fiji may improve these enactments by looking to nations like United States of America or European Union. Moreover, it very well might be vital for understudies and staff of the IT field to be all around familiar with their legitimate commitments and guarantee they endeavor to refresh their insight into current dangers and assaults and not depend absolutely on enactments to discourage cyber criminals.
A deepfake might attract liability for crimes that violate human dignity, identity, and privacy, known as crimen iniuria under the South African common law. The deepfake would have to contain some form of sexual impropriety or indecency to yield a conviction for crimen iniuria. The common law protection is broad enough to treat personality impairment using criminal liability, but it may not be sufficient to address cybercrimes relating to the infringement of identity through deepfakes. The South African Parliament has adopted the Cybercrimes Bill B6B-2017, which creates a statutory offence for fraud, forgery, uttering and unlawfully and intentionally disseminating intimate images through data messages. The Cybercrimes Bill B6B-2017 incorporates a proviso that the victim must have a reasonable expectation of privacy to yield a successful conviction for the latter crimes. The requirement of a reasonable expectation is peculiar because it is a civil law requirement for violating privacy stated as a requirement to secure a criminal conviction. This paper investigates when using another person's identity in deepfakes can result in a prosecution under the Cybercrimes Bill. This paper also looks to the United States of America by focusing on the Texas Election Code (Texas Senate Bill 751 (SB751), the first state law to regulate deepfakes in the United States of America.
The purpose of the present study is to contribute to the gap in the literature by investigating the sexting behaviors of adolescents under the age of 18 and how these behaviors are related to internet related problems. Using data collected from high school students in a rural county in western North Carolina, results indicated that deviant peer association and Internet-related problems were in fact associated with sexting by juveniles.
This article examines how technology-facilitated child sexual exploitation has flourished within the laissez faire regulatory frameworks of neoliberalism, and argues that political economy should play a more central role in theorising about child sexual abuse. Drawing on the case study of Omegle, a livestreaming website that matches strangers via webcam, the paper illustrates how deregulatory trends have produced an alignment between the sexual interests of child sexual abusers and the economic interests of some online service providers. The paper suggests that intersecting political ideologies and economic structures have increased opportunities for child sexual exploitation and decreased formal and informal controls, while recruiting paedophilic desires and exploitative subjectivities within processes of capital accumulation. The paper explores the implications of political economy for theories of child sex offending, which have typically focused on the psychological, social and legal dimensions of child sexual abuse while overlooking the role of capitalist structures and imperatives.
Security messages, as a form of information security awareness training, are designed to encourage individuals to make an informed security decision, reducing their susceptibility to online victimization. To date, no known study has assessed the effectiveness of security messages or whether the effectiveness of these messages varies based on the recipients' characteristics. Using a randomized controlled trial, this study tests the efficacy of security messages on reducing SMiShing victimization, then assesses whether thoughtfully reflective decision-making (TRDM) moderates the effect of these messages on victimization by launching simulated attacks against participants of the study. Findings reveal that neither security messages nor TRDM directly affect SMiShing victimization. However, security messages effectively prevent victimization when the message recipient has higher TRDM levels. The interaction between TRDM and security messages demonstrates the relevance of criminological theory and the importance of interdisciplinary scholarship in understanding how human behavior influences the effectiveness of cybersecurity practices.
We examine different opportunities to implement the blockchain technology into online payment and sales transaction systems with a focus on the financial sector of the German speaking area in Europe. To this end, we conduct a literature review and conduct a questionnaire survey among payment transaction experts. In addition the advantages and disadvantages are pointed out as well as other applications. Results from the survey suggest that many experts are investigating the new technology, but the efforts made at Austrian, German and Swiss banks are low since there are still many open issues pending. Especially setting up a legal framework for the international treatment of payment transactions based on the blockchain would be an important step.
"Recent official statistics have highlighted for the first time in the UK, the nature and extent of computer fraud and cybercrime against individuals and households. This has in turn posed questions about the adequacy and the speed of the police response to these newly highlighted crimes. At the same time, the Public Accounts Committee has pressed for more co-ordination of efforts to counter cybercrime against government departments (Protecting Information Across Government; available at https://www.publications.parliamnent.uk/pa/cm201617/cmselect/cmpubac/769/76902.htm; accessed 3 February 2017). Although a number of useful initiatives have already been put in place, by the Home Office and police forces, into understanding and responding to these threats the article claims that much more needs to done, particularly in changing policing structures, in recruitment, in training, and in coordination of work across agencies. The article considers the current police response, the potential problems confronting change management arising from police organisational culture. It does however identify successful police modernization programmes that have enabled police services, outside Europe, to both restructure and recruit appropriate personnel in response to a changing criminal environment which now confronts them. It argues that in a similar way new demands on the police service will require it to significantly review its capabilities which may impact on traditional commitments to capacity."
Digital forensics is an essential discipline for both law enforcement agencies and businesses. It makes possible to investigate electronic related crimes aka cybercrime such as fraud, industrial espionage and computer misuse. However, encryption, anti-forensic tools and the ever increasing amount of volume of data to analyse creates a wide range of challenges to overcome. Fortunately, other computer fields can be applied to overcome those challenges. This paper will explore some data mining techniques to address most common issues in Digital Forensics.
COVID-19 caused a great burden on the healthcare system and led to lockdown measures across the globe. These measures are likely to influence crime rates, but a comprehensive overview on the impact of COVID-19 on crime rates is lacking. The aim of the current study was to systematically review evidence on the impact of COVID-19 measures on crime rates across the globe. We conducted a systematic search in several databases to identify eligible studies up until 6-12-2021. A total of 46 studies were identified, reporting on 99 crime rates about robberies (n = 12), property crime (n = 15), drug crime (n = 5), fraud (n = 5), physical violence (n = 15), sexual violence (n = 11), homicides (n = 12), cybercrime (n = 3), domestic violence (n = 3), intimate partner violence (n = 14), and other crimes (n = 4). Overall, studies showed that most types of crime temporarily declined during COVID-19 measures. Homicides and cybercrime were an exception to this rule and did not show significant changes following COVID-19 restrictions. Studies on domestic violence often found increased crime rates, and this was particularly true for studies based on call data rather than crime records. Studies on intimate partner violence reported mixed results. We found an immediate impact of COVID-19 restrictions on almost all crime rates except for homicides, cybercrimes and intimate partner violence.
Releases of usernames and passwords, referred to as credential dumps, have become an increasingly popular shared resource over the past decade, especially within underground communities. The sharing of compromised credentials by cyber-criminals is done in order to demonstrate technical capability, increase reputation, and to augment one's legitimacy within criminal communities. There has been minimal research demonstrating standardized methods for identifying the distribution of credential dumps or the origin(s) of where a dump first surfaced. There has also been a lack of research related to the open source intelligence that can be obtained through tracing the distribution of dumps across the Internet. This research presents a method called REAPER which demonstrates how to leverage unique data points within credential dumps to identify its distribution, while also providing an in-depth look into the intelligence that can be gained by observing the criminal activities associated with the credentials dumped.
E-mail spam has been growing since its inception. The Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act (CAN SPAM Act) is U.S. federal legislation that was passed in response to the growing spam problem. A series of evaluations followed after the Act, most of which reported that compliance with the Act's requirements among spammers had not been affected. However, none of these evaluations used methods that were sufficiently rigorous, failing to capture the continuous nature of CAN SPAM Act's enforcement, using a limited number of measures of noncompliance, and ignoring a variety of possible spurious influences. This research addresses all of these limitations by analyzing a sample of 5,490,905 spam e-mails sent between 1998 and 2013. Ten measures of spammer compliance with the CAN SPAM Act were operationalized to test the impact the Act had. Thirteen measures of CAN SPAM Act enforcement were coded from news articles and included in a time-series regression. Findings suggest that the Act may in fact be a deterrent, but in such a way as to increase CAN SPAM Act violations of header forgery as a precaution against being caught.
This paper deals with at least four major cyber safety concerns in Africa discussed in recent literature. These cyber concerns include aspects such as policies, procedure, awareness, research and the provision of technical security measures. Each concern is examined, the main focus areas are highlighted and a solution is proposed. This paper concludes by combining all relevant solutions into a proposed cyber security framework to assist Africa in decreasing its cybercrime rate especially among home users with no or limited cyber safety knowledge.
Transnational state-sponsored cyber economic espionage poses a threat to the economy of developed countries whose industry is largely reliant on the value of information. In the face of rapid technological development facilitating cyber economic espionage from afar on a massive scale, the law has not developed apace to effectively address this problem. Applicable United States domestic laws have been ineffective in addressing the problem due to lack of enforcement jurisdiction, sovereign immunity, and inability to hold the state sponsor accountable. Customary international law principles offer little help in combatting the issue, as countermeasures are typically unavailable since espionage may not be ongoing by the time a victimized state can confidently attribute it to a state and retortions are a relatively weak response. Although existing treaties have not been effective in addressing this problem, a multilateral global treaty specifically addressing transnational state-sponsored cyber economic espionage may be a promising way forward.
This paper considers emerging challenges and opportunities confronting criminology in the age of Big Data. The mass proliferation of digital media/recording devices into social life is transforming in profound ways how crime is organized, perpetrated, experienced, represented, detected and controlled. Moreover, the extensive daily use of these technologies by institutions and individuals alike produces immense quantities of data that mediate social events, actions and experiences in significant, if subtle, ways. Such data are means of communication, knowledge and entertainment, as well as resources for analytic and criminal manipulation and community mobilization. We suggest that criminology must develop a digital specialism which investigates the multifaceted role performed by digital technologies as intersectional and transformative mediums in the crime and justice field.
"The critical importance of electronic information exchanges in the daily operation of most large modern organizations is causing them to broaden their security provision to include the custodians of exchanged data - the insiders. The prevailing data loss threat model mainly focuses upon the criminal outsider and mainly regards the insider threat as 'outsiders by proxy', thus shaping the relationship between the worker and workplace in information security policy. A policy that increasingly takes the form of social policy for the information age as it acquires the power to include and exclude sections of society and potentially to re-stratify it? This article draws upon empirical sources to critically explore the insider threat in organizations. It looks at the prevailing threat model before deconstructing 'the insider' into various risk profiles, including the well-meaning insider, before drawing conclusions about what the building blocks of information security policy around the insider might be. Security Journal (2013) 26, 107-124. doi:10.1057/sj.2012.1; published online 19 March 2012"
"Bulletproof hosting Autonomous Systems (ASes) malicious ASes fully dedicated to supporting cybercrime provide freedom and resources for a cyber-criminal to operate. Their services include hosting a wide range of illegal content, botnet C&C servers, and other malicious resources. Thousands of new ASes are registered every year, many of which are often used exclusively to facilitate cybercrime. A natural approach to squelching bulletproof hosting ASes is to develop a reputation system that can identify them for takedown by law enforcement and as input to other attack detection systems (e.g., spam filters, botnet detection systems). Unfortunately, current AS reputation systems rely primarily on data-plane monitoring of malicious activity from IP addresses (and thus can only detect malicious ASes after attacks are underway), and are not able to distinguish between malicious and legitimate but abused ASes. As a complement to these systems, in this paper, we explore a fundamentally different approach to establishing AS reputation. We present ASwatch, a system that identifies malicious ASes using exclusively the control-plane (i.e., routing) behavior of ASes. ASwatch's design is based on the intuition that, in an attempt to evade possible detection and remediation efforts, malicious ASes exhibit agile control plane behavior (e.g., short-lived routes, aggressive re-wiring). We evaluate our system on known malicious ASes; our results show that ASwatch detects up to 93% of malicious ASes with a 5% false positive rate, which is reasonable to effectively complement existing defense systems."
E-wallets have started to grow in popularity, reaching a tipping point in some countries. This can be attributed to the worldwide use of payment-enabled devices and ubiquity of e-wallet acceptance by larger and smaller retailers. As more customers adopt e-wallets they may also become a big target of cybercrime. E-wallets facilitates financial transactions via smartphones which is a lucrative opportunity for cybercriminals. This paper presents a security assessment of the Android e-wallet apps of several Canadian leading banks.
Doing business in a network environment, despite its high efficiency, due to the fact that it is a remote activity, is very inspiring for various types of dishonest actions and fraud. Phishing is a form of fraud in which an attacker tries to find out sensitive information such as user login information or account information. The phishing attacks that are happening today are sophisticated and increasingly difficult to spot. To find out which URL is legitimate and which is not, we used a neural network as a binary classifier of machine learning. To measure the performance of the model, we used binary classification accuracy.
Case studies show that there are at least two types of groups involved in phishing: low-tech all-rounders and high-tech specialists. However, empirical criminological research into cybercriminal networks is scarce. This article presents a taxonomy of cybercriminal phishing networks, based on analysis of 18 Dutch police investigations into phishing and banking malware networks. There appears to be greater variety than shown by previous studies. The analyzed networks cannot easily be divided into two sharply defined categories. However, characteristics such as technology use and offender-victim interaction can be used to construct a typology with four overlapping categories: from low-tech attacks with a high degree of direct offender-victim interaction to high-tech attacks without such interaction. Furthermore, clear differences can be distinguished between networks carrying out low-tech attacks and high-tech attacks. Low-tech networks, for example, make no victims in other countries and core members and facilitators generally operate from the same country. High-tech networks, on the contrary, have more international components. Finally, networks with specialists focusing on one type of crime are present in both low-tech and high-tech networks. These specialist networks have more often a local than an international focus.
digital forensic tools are used to unravel criminal acts and prove crime in the court of law. However, the area, task and/or functions digital forensic tools are being applied in may not be suitable hence leading to unreliable results by these tools. In many cases, forensic experts may apply a particular tool not because it is the most effective tool but because it is available, cheap and the expert is familiar with it. This has often led to use of unreliable digital forensic tools, which may yield unreliable results. Unreliable results may jeopardize the whole forensic investigation process and in some cases lead to criminals walking free thereby being bolded to commit the same crime again. This may also lead to time wasting, trial and error, loss of money, etc. In this paper therefore, we quantify the impact of using unreliable digital forensic tools. We analyzed, aggregated, and classified data obtained from Hackmageddon [1] using Bayesian network model. There is a direct link of using unreliable forensic tools to the increase in cyber-crimes. The impact is in billions of dollars lost because of committed crimes with a focus of 5% increase every year.
Criminals have taken advantage of the Internet's features to create worldwide marketplaces where illegal goods and services can be instantly bought and sold anonymously. This article focuses on an online forum that served as a transactional platform for criminals involved in the illicit trade of credit and banking information. Using Gambetta's adaptation of the signalling theory, this research develops a predictive model identifying the signs and signals that can enhance a criminal's performance in this criminal community. Our findings indicate that criminal performance is not distributed randomly. Individuals that are the most skilled at sending and decoding signals can expect to gain higher rewards.
Network investigative techniques (NITs) are law enforcement tools that allow the government to hack into targeted computers by exploiting technological vulnerabilities. NITs have succeeded in identifying and locating criminal actors operating on the Dark Web where traditional investigative techniques have failed. They play a critical role in the investigation of cybercrime and in the national security sphere. But disclosure of a NIT's code can render it useless and jeopardize government operations that rely on that code. In numerous federal cases, criminal defendants have sought access to NIT code, and courts have had to decide whether the government must disclose the code. The government's interest in confidentiality is inherently at tension with criminal defendants' right to discovery and information material to their defense. In order to make informed decisions about disclosure, courts must be cognizant of the equities at stake and understand technical details about NITs. Courts can better equip themselves by holding ex parte and in camera proceedings, and appointing experts to augment their understanding of technical issues. These procedures can ensure that the government is held accountable, defendants' rights are protected, and NIT code is preserved. As the Dark Web expands, cybercrime is likely to become more pervasive, and criminal actors will devise more sophisticated means of anonymizing their presence online. Law enforcement will have to respond creatively and courts must be prepared to tackle novel issues that straddle technology and law.
This study investigates UpWork affordances and their implications for female freelancers experiencing different forms of cyberviolence. Building up on a theoretical framework to situate the concept of affordances, gendered affordances and cyberviolence within a platform economy context, I use UpWork as a relevant case study to assess how online platforms that intermediate labour transactions present gendered affordances contributing to cyberviolence against women. I analysed the discussions of female users and freelancers in UpWork in line with the digital methods approach, by conducting a qualitative digital ethnographic analysis. These discussions serve as a foundation for a subsequent critical analysis of UpWork terms of service, to gain a wider understanding of how the digital platform controls information flows and models interactions between different categories of users. The findings suggest that UpWork affordances are gendered affordances, as they allow male users different conducts, as opposed to female freelancers, entrepreneurs, or users. I conclude that, while UpWork core features are allegedly neutral, they enable gendered affordances widening the gender gap in digital market transactions by facilitating the occurrence of cyber violence against women.
Information and communication technologies (ICTs), particularly the internet, have transformed almost every aspect of human life. While most of the breakthroughs in this area have offered great benefits, unintended negative consequences have also resulted. One example of the latter is the surge in illicit drug trafficking using the dark web and other internet-based techniques. Two key reasons for this surge are the anonymity of offenders and the diversity of internet-based trading platforms. Recent developments have shown that cybercriminals have made considerable use of the dark web to expand illicit drug trafficking globally, which has become a source of concern. According to global surveys, a substantial percentage of participants confessed to buying illicit drugs online. Law enforcement agencies are constantly undertaking surveillance operations to track and disrupt mass criminals and prevent crime on the dark web. The closure of major online drug trafficking platforms, on the other hand, has a minimal long-term impact on drug sales on the dark web market because customers and suppliers migrate to other trade platforms and overall sales eventually recover, highlighting the importance of a technologically robust intergovernmental regulatory framework. In this context, this article seeks to address and analyze the following issues: First, we provide an overview of Bitcoin and blockchain technology. Second, we explain the methods of purchasing drugs over the dark web. Finally, the paper concludes by discussing the future of the Dark Web and will propose some solutions and recommendations to regulate drug trafficking over the dark web.
In recent times, cybercrime has increased significantly and dramatically. This made the need for Digital Forensics (DF) urgent. The main objective of DF is to keep proof in its original state by identifying, collecting, analyzing, and evaluating digital data to rebuild past acts. The proof of cybercrime can be found inside a computer's system files. This paper investigates the viability of Multilayer perceptron (MLP) in DF application. The proposed method relies on analyzing the file system in a computer to determine if it is tampered by a specific computer program. A dataset describes a set of features of file system activities in a given period. These data are used to train the MLP and build a training model for classification purposes. Identifying the optimal set of MLP parameters (weights and biases) is a challenging matter in training MLPs. Using traditional training algorithms causes stagnation in local minima and slow convergence. This paper proposes a Salp Swarm Algorithm (SSA) as a trainer for MLP using an optimized set of MLP parameters. SSA has proved its applicability in different applications and obtained promising optimization results. This motivated us to apply SSA in the context of DF to train MLP as it was never used for this purpose before. The results are validated by comparisons with other meta-heuristic algorithms. The SSAMLP-DF is the best algorithm because it achieves the highest accuracy results, minimum error rate, and best convergence scale.
This article investigates if cryptocurrencies returns' are similarly affected by a selection of demand- and supply-side determinants. Homogeneity among cryptocurrencies is tested via a least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) model where determinants of Bitcoin returns are applied to a sample of 12 cryptocurrencies. The analysis goes beyond existing research by simultaneously covering different periods and design choices of cryptocurrencies. The results show that cryptocurrencies are heterogeneous, apart from some similarities in the impact of technical determinants and cybercrime. The cryptocurrency market displays evidence of substitution effects, and design choices related explain the impact of the determinants of return.
The rapid development of Internet services also led to a significant increase in cyber-attacks. Cyber threats are becoming more sophisticated and automation, make the protections ineffective. Conventional cybersecurity approaches have a limited effect on fighting new cyber threats. Therefore, we need new approaches, and artificial intelligence can aid to counter cybercrime. In this paper, we present the capability of adopting artificial intelligence techniques in cybersecurity and present some of those intelligent-based approaches already in place in practice. Furthermore, we highlight the limitations of AI-based approaches in cybersecurity as well as suggest some directions for research in the future.
"Bulletproof hosting Autonomous Systems (ASes) malicious ASes fully dedicated to supporting cybercrime provide freedom and resources for a cyber-criminal to operate. Their services include hosting a wide range of illegal content, botnet C&C servers, and other malicious resources. Thousands of new ASes are registered every year, many of which are often used exclusively to facilitate cybercrime. A natural approach to squelching bulletproof hosting ASes is to develop a reputation system that can identify them for takedown by law enforcement and as input to other attack detection systems (e.g., spam filters, botnet detection systems). Unfortunately, current AS reputation systems rely primarily on data-plane monitoring of malicious activity from IP addresses (and thus can only detect malicious ASes after attacks are underway), and are not able to distinguish between malicious and legitimate but abused ASes. As a complement to these systems, in this paper, we explore a fundamentally different approach to establishing AS reputation. We present ASwatch, a system that identifies malicious ASes using exclusively the control-plane (i.e., routing) behavior of ASes. ASwatch's design is based on the intuition that, in an attempt to evade possible detection and remediation efforts, malicious ASes exhibit agile control plane behavior (e.g., short-lived routes, aggressive re-wiring). We evaluate our system on known malicious ASes; our results show that ASwatch detects up to 93% of malicious ASes with a 5% false positive rate, which is reasonable to effectively complement existing defense systems."
Developing an unbreakable cryptography is a long-standing question and a global challenge in the internet era. Photonics technologies are at the frontline of research, aiming at providing the ultimate system with capability to end the cybercrime industry by changing the way information is treated and protected now and in the long run. Such a perspective discusses some of the current challenges as well as opportunities that classical and quantum systems open in the field of cryptography as both a field of science and engineering.
In this paper, we propose and experimentally assess an innovative framework for scaling posterior distributions over different-curation datasets, based on Bayesian-Neural-Networks (BNN). Another innovation of our proposed study consists in enhancing the accuracy of the Bayesian classifier via intelligent sampling algorithms. The proposed methodology is relevant in emerging applicative settings, such as provenance detection and analysis and cybercrime. Our contributions are complemented by a comprehensive experimental evaluation and analysis over both static and dynamic image datasets. Derived results confirm the successful application of our proposed methodology to emerging big data analytics settings.
With the rapid growth of malware attacks, more antivirus developers consider deploying machine learning technologies into their productions. Researchers and developers published various machine learning-based detectors with high precision on malware detection in recent years. Although numerous machine learningbased malware detectors are available, they face various machine learning-targeted attacks, including evasion and adversarial attacks. This project explores how and why adversarial examples evade malware detectors, then proposes a randomised chaining method to defend against adversarial malware statically. This research is crucial for working towards combating the pertinent malware cybercrime.
Network forensics known as an extended phase of network security plays an essential role in dealing with cybercrime. The performance of a network forensics system heavily depends on the network attack detection solutions. Two main types of network attacks are network level and application level. Current research methods have improved the detection rate but this is still a challenge. We propose a Shannon entropy approach to this study to identify executable file content for anomaly-based network attack detection in network forensics systems. Experimental results show that the proposed approach provides high detection rate.
Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) applications, such as WeChat, Whatsapp, or LINE, have gained increasing popularity during the last few years. Packets analysis of VoIP is one of the critical criminal investigation strategies for law enforcement agencies (LEAs). Due to its convenience and multi-functionality, the WeChat application is accessible by a massive amount of people in Asia, especially in Taiwan and China. Therefore, this study uses Wireshark to reveal the tool marks behind the WeChat messages and voice calls. It will be an excellent help for LEAs to identify cybercriminals and bring them to justice.
Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies transformed the trade in illegal goods, especially drugs. Thanks to them in conjunction with other anonymization tools could arise dark markets, illegal marketplaces in cyberspace. Despite active intervention by the authorities, their number and quantity of goods on offer is growing significantly. Besides, we observed a tendency to change the structure of the drug market. This article is next to the description of the operation of dark markets based on identified trends and look to the future of how will dark markets look like.............
Financial technology, or Fintech, represents an emerging industry on the global market. With online transactions on the rise, the use of IT for automation of financial services is of increasing importance. Fintech enables institutions to deliver services to customers worldwide on a 24/7 basis. Its services are often easy to access and enable customers to perform transactions in real-time. In fact, advantages such as these make Fintech increasingly popular among clients. However, since Fintech transactions are made up of information, ensuring security becomes a critical issue. Vulnerabilities in such systems leave them exposed to fraudulent acts, which cause severe damage to clients and providers alike. For this reason, techniques from the area of Machine Learning (ML) are applied to identify anomalies in Fintech applications. They target suspicious activity in financial datasets and generate models in order to anticipate future frauds. We contribute to this important issue and provide an evaluation on anomaly detection methods for this matter. Experiments were conducted on several fraudulent datasets from real-world and synthetic databases, respectively. The obtained results confirm that ML methods contribute to fraud detection with varying success. Therefore, we discuss the effectiveness of the individual methods with regard to the detection rate. In addition, we provide an analysis on the influence of selected features on their performance. Finally, we discuss the impact of the observed results for the security of Fintech applications in the future.
Different types of covert illicit networks in cyberspace hold the potential to become actors in cyber conflicts. Current literature on structures of covert networks in cyberspace is often constrained by the lack of quantitative data and researchers mostly focus on networks operating outside the cyberspace. The purpose of this paper is to review the current state of research into illicit networks in cyberspace and to apply the terminology and concepts of Social Network Analysis on criminal organisations operating online. Social Network Analysis is a quantitative data analysis method, which can identify hierarchies, subgroups, individuals and their relative importance in covert illicit networks, by using data from multiple sources (academic research, law enforcement, black market trading, semantic web analysis etc.). Here I explore how Social Network Analysis offers methods to discover hidden structures of covert networks in cyberspace.
Legal, organizational and technical issues of the current state of crime prevention in the field of electronic payment systems in different countries and in Ukraine are considered. The following methods were used in the article: dialectical, documentary analysis, analytical analysis of documents and observations. Identified and analyzed current trends and risks associated with the use of electronic payment systems by legal entities. Electronic payments have been found to be a progressive and convenient innovation on the one hand, which has greatly accelerated the ability of individuals to engage in day-to-day market relations, and on the other, to be unlawfully encroached upon and systematically improved by criminals Based on this, emphasis is placed on the urgent need for proper protection of payment systems. It is noted that examples of global counteraction to crimes and various offenses committed in the field of electronic payments are developed countries such as the United States, Great Britain, Canada, Singapore, as well as the European Union, especially France and Germany. As a result of the study, it has been noted that the above countries have all the opportunities to provide Ukraine and its citizens, as well as government officials with the necessary guidelines, technical and legal assistance to create an effective mechanism to combat offenses in the use of electronic payment systems.
In this paper we revisit a study presented at MILCOM 2014. Our goal then was to determine the utility of implanting a vulnerability into a cybersecurity software protocol to an actor planning to execute an offensive cyber operation. Based on a case study describing the then recently discovered Heartbleed bug as an offensive cyber operation, a model was devised to estimate the adoption rate of an implanted flaw in OpenSSL. Using the adoption rate of the cryptographic protocol Transport Layer Security version 1.2 as a proxy, we predicted that the global adoption of the vulnerability of at least 50% would take approximately three years, while surpassing 75% adoption would take four years. Compared to subsequently collected real-world data, these forecasts turned out to be surprisingly accurate. An evaluation of our proposed model shows that it yields results with a root-mean-square error of only 1.2% over the forecasting period. Thus, it has a significant degree of predictive power. Although the model may not be generalizable to describe the adoption of any software protocol, the finding helps validate our previously drawn conclusion that exploiting implanted cyber vulnerabilities, in a scenario like the one presented, requires a planning horizon of multiple years. However, as society becomes further dependent on the cyber domain, the utility of intentional vulnerability implantation is likely an exercise in diminishing returns. For a defender, however, our model development process could be useful to forecast the time required for flawed protocols to be phased out.
The nature of crime is changing-estimates suggest that at least half of all crime is now committed online. Once everyday objects (e.g. televisions, baby monitors, door locks) that are now internet connected, collectively referred to as the Internet of Things (IoT), have the potential to transform society, but this increase in connectivity may generate new crime opportunities. Here, we conducted a systematic review to inform understanding of these risks. We identify a number of high-level mechanisms through which offenders may exploit the consumer IoT including profiling, physical access control and the control of device audio/visual outputs. The types of crimes identified that could be facilitated by the IoT were wide ranging and included burglary, stalking, and sex crimes through to state level crimes including political subjugation. Our review suggests that the IoT presents substantial new opportunities for offending and intervention is needed now to prevent an IoT crime harvest.
As Internet freedom movements build infrastructures to promote online privacy, they enrol a wide range of different kinds of of technological work [Coleman, E. G., & Golub, A. (2008). Hacker practice: Moral genres and the cultural articulation of liberalism. Anthropological Theory, 8(3), 255-277]. I explore the cultures of the wider forms of technical work involved in these struggles through a sociological study of the Tor Project, involving twenty-six qualitative interviews with people in the Tor community and extensive archival research in Tor's mailing lists and design documents. Tor is an online privacy infrastructure whose practice of radical transparency makes it uniquely accessible, and it constitutes an example of a successful, widely used infrastructure which directly undermines the centralisation of governmental power online. Tor is not united around a single worldview, instead exhibiting three distinct framings of its work. Using Susan Leigh Star's social worlds framework, I characterise these three 'social worlds' of Tor. I argue that Tor has in the past accommodated its internal clashing perspectives through an ambiguity around politics and a shared construction of the users of Tor, which allow individuals to bridge and translate between these worlds. In recent years, this political ambiguity has become unsustainable. As Internet platforms and infrastructures extend further into social life around the world, so too are they being forced to come to terms with the shaping forces they exert on society and the values they represent. Tor is not exempt from this, and as it navigates these issues it is becoming increasingly mindful of its own relationships to power, values and politics.
The World Wide Web or the internet today is a vast space. It contains information about everything one wants and is accessible at the tip of the finger. Billions of people use the internet every day and most of them at the same time. When we think about the activities taking place on the web, we are bound to think about all the crimes that happen throughout the web. People are exposed to crimes like identity theft, crypto-jacking, cyber extortion, etc. Therefore, their security becomes a serious question and the topmost priority of the creators. Here comes the need for cybersecurity. This paper focuses mainly on the threats faced and the innovations in technology to encounter those threats.
Considerable scholarly attention has been paid to a range of criminal behaviours that are perpetrated with the aid of digital technologies. Much of this focus, however, has been on high-tech computer crimes, such as hacking, online fraud and identity theft, or child exploitation material and cyberbullying. Less attention has been paid to technology-facilitated sexual violence', where new technologies are used as tools to perpetrate or extend the harm of a sexual assault, extend control and abuse in a domestic violence situation, or distribute sexual or intimate images of another without their consent. In this article, we focus on the scope and limitations of criminal legislation for responding to these varied but interconnected gendered harms. We argue that although there have been some developments in a range of international jurisdictions, particularly relating to the phenomenon of revenge pornography', much more needs to be done both within and beyond the law. Whilst we support the intervention of the criminal law, we argue that equal attention must be given to policies and practices of educators, law enforcement agencies, service providers, online communities and social media networks to fulfil the promise of equal and ethical digital citizenship.
In order to combat computer crime effectively, the public security colleges have opened computer forensics course, which was taught by conventional theories teaching method and was not good enough to meet the needs for police personnel training. We provide a process assessment method in reference of the virtues of the flipped classroom and formative assessment, which can mobilizes students to learn actively and improves teaching effectiveness. This paper focuses on the design of the process assessment teaching method and implements process of computer forensics course in a real forensics teaching environment. In contrast to the traditional teaching methods, this process assessment method will engage students to learn abstract concepts and to explore forensics investigation technologies and procedures, and is very important for the cultivation of police talents.
Criminological inquiry has identified a range of risk factors associated with juvenile delinquency. However, little research has assessed juvenile computer hacking, despite the substantial harm and opportunities for delinquent behavior online. Therefore, understanding the applicability of criminological risk factors among a cross-national sample of juvenile hackers is important from a theoretical and applied standpoint. This study aimed to address this gap using a logistic regression and latent class analysis (LCA) of risk factors associated with self-reported hacking behavior in a sample of more than 60,000 juveniles from around the globe. Results demonstrated support for individual- and structural-level predictors of delinquency, although distinct risk factors for hacking among three subtypes are identified in the LCA. This study examines criminological risk factors for juvenile hacking in a cross-national sample and provides insight into the distinct risk factors of hacking, so more tailored prevention and treatment modalities can be developed.
Do drug dealers entice nonusers with free samples? Police, the popular press, and social media users say so, but crime researchers have found little support for this theory and argue instead that sample distribution is an unsound strategy for illegal market business. But what about in digital drug markets, where operational logics are based on sophisticated anonymization technology and reputation systems? The author collected data from a large e-commerce website for drugs over 305 days in 2014 and 2015 and documents that (a) drug dealers give away samples of all major substance categories and (b) sample distribution increases vendor sales for prescription drugs and opioid-based painkillers. To explore possible explanations of these findings, the author collected data from the market's online forum and analyzed 175 discussions (2,218 posts) about samples. Among the findings is that samples are preferably given to reputable review writers, or drug critics.
We propose a systematic framework for analysing forum datasets, which contain minimal structure, and are non-trivial to analyse at scale, aiming to support future analysis of underground forum communities. We use a multi-technique approach which draws on a combination of features, including post classifications extracted using natural language processing tools, and apply clustering and predictive techniques to this dataset, to predict potential key actors-individuals who have a central role in overtly criminal activities, or activities which could lead to later offending, and hence might benefit most from interventions. We predict 49 key actors on an underground gaming-specific cheating and hacking forum, validated by observing only overlaps of techniques, combined with topic analysis, to build a classifier for key actor status. In addition, we also use these techniques to provide further insight of key actor activity. We found one cluster and two posting trajectories to contain a high proportion of key actors, logistic regression found an actor's h-index to have higher odds for prediction than other features, and partial dependence plots found reputation to have a significant change in prediction between values of 100 to 1000.
It is well-documented that during a war, a natural disaster or a pandemic, women bear the worse brunt of the crisis. Worldwide, mental stress, domestic violence and cybercrime against women are widespread and under-reported during Covid-19. Creating boundaries in such situations is extremely important. It is imperative that policy-makers adopt a gender perspective to understand and analyse the effects of the pandemic and the lockdown on the economy, livelihoods and social structures. United Nations has called for urgent action and for governments to put women's safety first as they respond to the pandemic.
Cloud computing is radically changing the way how information technology services are created, delivered, accessed and managed. The rise of cloud computing not only has exacerbated the problem of scale for digital forensics activities, but also created a brand new front for cybercrime investigation with various challenges. Through this paper, we will give a comprehensive perspective in the integrated framework for the design of cloud-based digital forensics labs, along with scenario and procedures. In addition, those hands-on labs will be tested by training future investigators, current students whose career will be in Information Assurance (IA) related fields.
Ponzi schemes that offer absurdly high rates of return by relying on more and more people paying into the scheme have been documented since at least the mid-1800s. Ponzi schemes have shifted online in the Internet age, and some are re-branded as HYIPs or High Yield Investment Programs. This paper focuses on understanding HYIPs' continuous presence and presents various possible reasons behind their existence in today's world. A look into the countries where these schemes purport to exist, we find that 62.89% of all collected HYIPs claim to be in the United Kingdom (UK), and a further 55.56% are officially registered in the UK as a 'limited company' with a registration number provided by the UK Companies House, a UK agency that registers companies. We investigate other factors influencing these schemes, including the HYIPs' social media platforms and payment processors. The lifetime of the HYIPs helps to understand the success/failure of the investment schemes and helps indicate the schemes that could attract more investors. Using Cox proportional regression analysis, we find that having a valid UK address significantly affects the lifetime of an HYIP.
This article explores the growth of the new private security industry and private policing arrangements, policing cyberspace. It argues there has been a significant change in policing which is equivalent to the quiet revolution associated with private policing that Shearing and Stenning observed in the 1970s and 1980s, marking the second quiet revolution. The article then explores some of the regulatory questions that arise from these changes, which have been largely ignored to date by scholars of policing and policy-makers, making some clear recommendations for the future focus of them.
This essay deconstructs the ultra-dark side of social media and explores the variety of 'bad' behaviour online by looking at a wide spectrum of exploitative practices. Through the use of primary data from an online platform, we posit the question What's the worst thing you've done online'? We collect, code and synthesise the fully anonymised discussions and develop a classification model for bad online behaviour. We combine the categories that emerge from our empirical data with those proposed by Baccarella, Wagner, Kietzmann, and McCarthy (2018) and develop a new combined (meta-) classification model that captures both the dark side of social networking and the ultra-dark. A framework is proposed for conceptualising the spectrum of exploitative practices and the essay concludes by providing a series of management considerations. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
"Research exploring the extent and nature of fear of crime has spanned decades; it has been examined in many contexts, among varied populations, and from different theoretical perspectives. However, researchers have been slow to estimate or explain individuals' fear of online crime. The current study is among the first to address this issue by examining experiences from a random sample of undergraduate students enrolled at a large public university. In particular, we explore the links between perceived risk, online victimization, and fear of online interpersonal victimization (OIPV) and how these relationships vary by the victim-offender relationship. The effects of online exposure and demographic characteristics were also estimated. Results suggest that perceived risk of OIPV was significantly related to fear of OIPV for all types of victim-offender relationships, while previous online victimization was significant for fear of OIPV by intimate partners and friends/acquaintances only."
This special issue of the International Journal of Offender Therapy and Comparative Criminology intends to expand the examination of victimology and victim issues. The social problem of violence is universal, and there is much to learn from policies and programs that are found to be effective across the globe. The four issues in this special issue span global problems such as cybercrime, interpersonal violence, violent socialization, and the victimization of college students. Solutions to these harms include micro-level programmatic efforts as well as broader social-political efforts.
Cryptocurrency such as bitcoin, Ethereum, and, more recently, Monero has become the currency of choice for many drug dealers and extortionists. The criminal activities extend to tax evasion, money laundering, Ponzi schemes, and the theft of cryptocurrencies to kidnapping for ransom. As the demand for cryptocurrencies increases, it provides opportunities for criminals to hide behind the presumed privacy and anonymity. Identifying these cryptocurrency-related crimes have posed challenges for law enforcement due to the cross-border nature of transactions, the use of evasion technology to mask the identity of users, and inconsistent regulations. To address the role of cryptocurrencies in criminal activities, the study focused on four research questions: (1) What role do cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin (BTC) play in criminal activities? (2) What factors facilitate cryptocurrency-related criminal activities? (3) What role do politics play in regulating cryptocurrencies? and (4) What are the challenges they pose for regulators and law enforcement? To answer the questions, the study utilized a systematic content review of the news reports, court cases, scholarly articles, online search engines, and commentaries relevant to regulations and reforms. The findings help to understand the current climate of virtual currencies, their use in criminal activities, and the complexities involved in regulating cryptocurrencies.
Well-meaning cybersecurity risk owners will deploy countermeasures (technologies or procedures) to manage risks to their services or systems. In some cases, those countermeasures will produce unintended consequences, which must then be addressed. Unintended consequences can potentially induce harm, adversely affecting user behaviour, user inclusion, or the infrastructure itself (including other services or countermeasures). Here we propose a framework for preemptively identifying unintended harms of risk countermeasures in cybersecurity. The framework identifies a series of unintended harms which go beyond technology alone, to consider the cyberphysical and sociotechnical space: displacement, insecure norms, additional costs, misuse, misclassification, amplification, and disruption. We demonstrate our framework through application to the complex, multi-stakeholder challenges associated with the prevention of cyberbullying as an applied example. Our framework aims to illuminate harmful consequences, not to paralyze decision-making, but so that potential unintended harms can be more thoroughly considered in risk management strategies. The framework can support identification and preemptive planning to identify vulnerable populations and preemptively insulate them from harm. There are opportunities to use the framework in coordinating risk management strategy across stakeholders in complex cyberphysical environments.
Online fraud is ever-increasing with fraudsters who use a variety of platforms, like online employment classified advertisement databases, to defraud unsuspecting users. The literature suggests fraudsters achieve this by imitating legitimate individuals and organizations to deploy their SE characteristics and tactics for the purpose of gaining users' personal, sensitive and financial information for their own personal gain. The research objective of the current study is to explore the extent fraudsters' SE attacks, such as linguistic cues and tactics, differ depending on a user's online resume presentation on employment database websites. The current study uses a mixed methods analysis to quantify the qualitative data extracted from fraudsters who pretend to be legitimate employers/employment opportunities online. The findings suggest an association between unique fraudsters and fraud instances and the demographics of a featured resume profile. Additionally, the results indicate that a fraudster's technological ability and thus sophistication may influence SE characteristics, especially their tactics to defraud targets. The study emphasizes the critical role human behavior plays during an online fraud attack with recommendations for future research and policy. The findings suggest fraudsters socially learn and adapt to their online environment and consequently emphasize the importance of identifying offenders' ever-changing strategies to defraud users while educating potential targets.
Blockchain DNS has emerged as an alternative solution to traditional DNS to address many of its inherent drawbacks. In this regard, a blockchain DNS approach is decentralised, resilient, provides high availability, and prevents censorship. Unfortunately, despite these desirable features, the major blockchain DNS solutions to date, Namecoin and Emercoin have been repeatedly reported for malicious abuse, ranging from malware distribution to phishing. In this work, we perform a longitudinal analysis of both these chains trying to identify and quantify the penetration of malicious actors in their ecosystems. To this end, we apply a haircut blacklisting policy and the intelligence collected from various engines to perform a taint analysis on the metadata existing in these blockchains, aiming to identify malicious acts through the merge of identifying information. Our analysis provides an automated validation methodology that supports the various reports about the wide-scale abuse of these solutions showing that malicious actors have already obtained an alarming and extensive share of these platforms.
The paper deals with the locations of IP addresses that were used in the past. This retrospective geolocation suffers from continuous changes in the Internet space and a limited availability of past IP location databases. I analyse the retrospective geolocation of IPv4 and IPv6 addresses over five years. An approach is also introduced to handle missing past IP geolocation databases. The results show that it is safe to retrospectively locate IP addresses by a couple of years, but there are differences between IPv4 and IPv6. The described parametric model of location lifetime allows us to estimate the time when the address location changed in the past. The retrospective geolocation of IP addresses has a broad range of applications, including social studies, system analyses, and security investigations. Two longitudinal use cases with the applied results are discussed. The first deals with geotargeted online content. The second deals with identity theft prevention in e-commerce.
As the core evidence in the Internet era, electronic data has been readily incorporated into criminal proceedings. In China, it was not until the Criminal Procedure Law was amended in 2012 that electronic data was classified as an independent type of evidence. Apart from the Criminal Procedure Law, there are three main regulations pertaining to the use of electronic data. Even though great endeavors have been made by Chinese authorities to integrate novel technologies into electronic data and the basic framework for the regulations of electronic data has been formed, there are still some lingering weaknesses in the current regulations: vulnerable rights of criminal suspects, the absence of the special investigation department, unclear provisions in relevant regulations, and improper remedy mechanisms. To further develop the rules of electronic data, China is supposed to place emphasis on the idea of rights protection and the interaction between new technologies and evidence theory.
Research Summary The results of previous research indicate that the presentation of deterring situational stimuli in an attacked computing environment shapes system trespassers' avoiding online behaviors during the progression of a system trespassing event. Nevertheless, none of these studies comprised an investigation of whether the effect of deterring cues influence system trespassers' activities on the system. Moreover, no prior research has been aimed at exploring whether the effect of deterring cues is consistent across different types of system trespassers. We examine whether the effect of situational deterring cues in an attacked computer system influenced the likelihood of system trespassers engaging in active online behaviors on an attacked system, and whether this effect varies based on different levels of administrative privileges taken by system trespassers. By using data from a randomized experiment, we find that a situational deterring cue reduced the probability of system trespassers with fewer privileges on the attacked computer system (nonadministrative users) to enter activity commands. In contrast, the presence of these cues in the attacked system did not affect the probability of system trespassers with the highest level of privileges (administrative users) to enter these commands. Policy Implications In developing policies to curtail malicious online behavior committed by system trespassers, a one-policy-fits-all approach is often employed by information technology (IT) teams to protect their organizations. Our results suggest that although the use of a warning banner is effective in reducing the amount of harmful commands entered into a computer system by nonadministrative users, such a policy is ineffective in deterring trespassers who take over a network with administrative privileges. Accordingly, it is important to recognize that the effectiveness of deterring stimuli in cyberspace is largely dependent on the level of administrative privileges taken by the system trespasser when breaking into the system. These findings present the need for the development and implementation of flexible policies in deterring system trespassers.
Drug cryptomarkets are a significant development in the recent history of illicit drug markets. Dealers and buyers can now finalize transactions with people they have never met, who could be located anywhere across the globe. What factors shape the geography of international drug trafficking via these cryptomarkets? In our current study, we test the determinants of drug trafficking through cryptomarkets by using a mix of social network analysis and a new dataset composed of self-reported transactions. Our findings contribute to existing research by demonstrating that a country's level of technological advancement increases the probability of forming trafficking connections on cryptomarkets. Additionally, we found that a country's capacity to police cryptomarkets reduces the number of trafficking connections with other countries. We also observed that trafficking on cryptomarkets is more likely to occur between countries that are geographically close. In summary, our study highlights the need to consider both online and offline factors in research on cryptomarkets.
In 2011, Silk Road became the first black market, or cryptomarket, for illicit drugs. This study examines two of the largest cryptomarkets which have operated, Silk Road 2.0 and Agora Marketplace. We hypothesize that cryptomarkets cater to buyers who intend to resell or redistribute the products, specifically in the form of social drug dealing, and that larger quantities will be purchased on the cryptomarkets over time. We examine these hypotheses through a descriptive and qualitative assessment of the distribution of drugs sold, and an estimated trend line based on simple linear regression. Data was collected using a custom web crawler which was supplemented with a dataset collected by independent researcher Gwern Branwen, community members and researchers in total spanning the period from February 28th 2014 to April 2015. The observed demand was primarily for quantities intended for personal use or social drug dealing. The majority of sales fell within the lower price ranges, although a significant part of the revenue was generated in price ranges that suggested business-to-business dealing. Furthermore, we found that the sizes of the purchases decreased significantly in both the case of Silk Road 2.0 and Agora Marketplace. The results suggest that cryptomarkets resemble traditional drug markets in terms of the distribution and revenues. As such, it is relevant to include cryptomarkets in discussions about potential reductions of the harmful social consequences of drug markets, as well as in general discussions about drug markets and drug trafficking.
We warned the public more than 20 years ago that cryptoviral extortion would pose a major threat to users, a threat that has been realized with the advent of Bitcoin but largely neglected until recently. We believe that a reactive mindset along with group conformity are partly to blame for this oversight and, moreover, are negatively impacting secure systems research. This presents a recipe for disaster, for while cryptoviral extortion is wreaking havoc on the surface, covert cryptovirology attacks are likely gathering strength within the shadows.
"Attribution of cybercrimes is significant in limiting the rate of crime as well as in preparing the required level of response. Motivated by this significance, we introduce a level-based approach for achieving attribution. In our proposed approach, attribution consists of three steps: (1) identification of the cyberweapon used; (2) determination of the origin of the attack; and (3) identification of the actual attacker. We conduct an in-depth analysis of recently proposed attribution techniques. Our analysis reveals that indirect methods of attribution are particularly effective when attributing cybercrimes; many of them remain unattributed. We also discuss some of the legal issues pertaining to attribution, and we argue that well-defined international laws for cyberspace along with strong cooperation among governments are needed to track down and punish cybercriminals. Copyright (c) 2016 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd."
The SICH Project specific objective is to develop new strategic tools and assessment techniques, based on semantic analysis on texts, to support the dynamic mapping and the automatic identification of illegal content over the Net. Xenophobia/Racism, illegal online Gambling and Novel Psychoactive Substances (NPS) are the main areas of reference. In this paper the authors present a systems based on a semantic engine running an ontology, based on a criminological analysis of NPS phenomenon. The system, after crawling the web, classifies key elements of NPS crime, not necessarily representing illegal content or criminal activity evidence. Thanks to this approach, the system aims to dramatically reduce the learning time of the key factors of illegal activities, with further reuse of well established web graph and SNA tools to highlight the relevant aspects of the semantic results.
Purpose The purpose of this study is to explore the experiences of university students with nonconsensual pornography. The focus of the present work is on nonconsensual pornography - the nonconsensual distribution of intimate images and sexual extortion - that are becoming common experiences for many people. While the forms of nonconsensual pornography may vary, each case has one thing in common: the offender has shared a private image of the victim without the victim's consent. Design/methodology/approach The data for this study was collected from student participants at a southeastern university. The stratified sample of university students was sent a link to an online survey and the responses of those who chose to respond were used in subsequent analyses (n = 300). Findings The findings of this exploratory study show low self-control as a significant predictor of sexting. Significant predictors of victimization via nonconsensual pornography included participation in sexting and use of dating apps. Originality/value While not generalizable, the descriptive data provide an important landscape for consideration of policy and legal recommendations to protect potential victims as well as would-be perpetrators beyond a university setting.
Extensive criminological research has investigated the effectiveness of law enforcement efforts to prevent offenders' reoffending and effect changes in criminal behavior patterns. However, no research has quantified the influence of gossip regarding law enforcement operations and its effect on repeat offending. Moreover, only scant research has studied these relationships in the cyber-environment. The current work addresses this gap by studying the effect of online messages sent to active hackers that describe law enforcement efforts against website defacement activity. In two field experiments, we randomly assigned self-identified hackers with active Facebook accounts into control and treatment groups. We then sent subjects in the treatment group a gossip message (via Facebook) alerting them to law enforcement efforts in cyberspace. Following the intervention, we compared the control and treatment groups in terms of changes in the proportion of reoffending, number of website defacements, and severity of website defacements. Findings reveal that when the gossip was sent to a hacker's private inbox, it prompted a reduction in the proportion of hackers who reoffend, the frequency at which they reoffend, and the severity of attacks they generate. However, posting similar gossip on the hacker's Facebook wall was ineffective in restricting malicious hacking activity. Theoretical implications and practical recommendations for law enforcement operations in cyberspace are discussed.
"Romance scams occur when a fraudster adopts a fake online identity to gain a victim's affection and trust and uses the illusion of a romantic or close relationship, eventually to steal money from the victim. Victims of such romance fraud experience suffer both financial and emotional burden. Although multiple studies have offered insight into the correlates of perpetration and victimization, no known study has examined if; and how, romance fraud can be curtailed. The current study used a randomized experimental design to test the restrictive deterrent effect of warning messages sent to romance fraudsters via email. The sample consisted of 405 active email addresses, distributed among three groups: deterrent group, promising group, and ambiguous group. Using the mixed research design, the independent variable was Deterrence; while the dependent variables were Responses, words used by respondents and Seeking Reply Without Denial. The data was analyzed in a stepwise fashion through descriptive statistics, a chi-square test of independence, ANOVA test followed by a tukey kramer pairwise comparison test. The findings revealed that active romance fraudsters who received a deterrence message, instead of non-deterrence messages, responded at a lower rate; and, among those who responded, they used fewer words and had a lower probability of seeking reply without denying wrongdoing. The results provide support for restrictive deterrence in cyberspace. Theoretical and policy implications have also been discussed."
The Dark Web, and the technology which underpins it, is fundamentally changing how crime is conducted. It is an enabler of cross-border, truly international crime where each of the major actors, evidence, and the proceeds of crime can all be in different jurisdictions. The technologies utilised mask the identity of individuals and the nature of the crimes committed. It is these complexities, and law's inability to deal with them, which this paper will focus on. It critically analyses six intersecting and overlapping themes in order to highlight the technological challenges posed by the Dark Web to the criminal law. The paper argues that the current approaches, regulatory structures, legislation and investigative methods are all unfit for purpose. There is little to suggest the law is any closer to restricting Dark Web crime, particularly given a substantial amount of the challenges posed are unsolved traditional issues, in a new form.
In the past 15 years, the development of information technology (IT) is influencing the economic development of the worldwide nations. On the other hand, as more as the day-to-day activities are being transformed by IT, the number of cyber threats will also increase, therefore it is important to handle them. However, handling cyber threats requires a cooperative action to secure nations cyberspace and one key factor is the existence of well-defined organizational structure. This factor plays an important role because it organizes the responsibilities among cyber related entities. Thus, this paper provides a comparative study about cybersecurity efforts and the delegation scheme played by cyber related entities among different entities in two African countries, South Africa and Mozambique. The paper shows that cybersecurity in Mozambique is at its infancy stages unlike South Africa. In addition, the paper presents some recommendations especially for Mozambique to adopt a stronger organizational structure to strengthen its cybersecurity posture to fight against cyber threats and crimes.
Virtual currencies are on the rise and so is money laundering. While there are efforts to combat money laundering through various intergovernmental bodies, many have expressed concern over the rise of virtual currencies. Some cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin have played a major role in the proliferation of online money laundering as it possesses characteristics that criminals are fond of. Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are decentralised, anonymous/ pseudonymous and irreversible. They provide the means to skirt the Anti-Money laundering safeguards that have been put in place.
In the last few years, a lot of attention has been paid to what is usually called 'ICT Crime'. In this contribution, the term ICT Crime is analysed from both a practical and theoretical legal perspective. It will be argued that it is very difficult if not impossible to define ICT Crime unequivocally. Furthermore, there seems to be insufficient grounds to see ICT criminality as an autonomous legal discipline, as an independent functional discipline or as a specialisation. An important reason for dealing with ICT Crime as if it is a problem area seems to be fear in governmental organisations that new technology could lead to forms of criminality that are outside their reach of control. Furthermore, the application of ICT has led to a reorientation of legal powers with respect to investigation and prosecution. However, these subjects should be dealt with at an international level. (C) 2011 P. Kleve, R. De Mulder & K. van Noortwijk. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The use of AI software in various fields raises many challenges, especially with regard to the responsibility for the work of these technologies, and the adequacy of applicable regulations and legislation and their ability to accommodate the unique characteristics of this technology. Accordingly, this study aims to address some of the current challenges of artificial intelligence, or those that may arise in the future, especially in light of the continuous development of artificial intelligence technology, and the consequent development of the perception that artificial intelligence applications carry out acts that result in crimes, and may carry out these works in the future unilaterally away from the owner or factory, which requires examining the criminal responsibility resulting from these crimes to determine the real responsibility for them and impose a legal sanction on him. The purpose of this study is to codify the status of artificial intelligence crimes, to determine who is responsible for these crimes and the penalties that are imposed on him. The issue raises a basic problem: if artificial intelligence commits a crime, who will be criminally responsible for this crime?, and under this problem there are multiple problems, the most important of which are: granting legal personality to artificial intelligence entities, and the inability of ordinary systems to keep pace with this development.
Purpose The purpose of this paper is to understand how COVID-19 may alter the vulnerability levels of older persons, and how this may change their potential for fraud victimisation. This is particularly focused on the government's use of isolation, restrictions on activity and physical distancing to combat the virus. Design/methodology/approach In the absence of statistics, this paper examines what is currently known about older persons and fraud, as well as the recent knowledge of COVID-19-related fraud. On this basis, the paper hypothesises the conceivable changes to vulnerability that potentially expose older persons to fraud. Findings This paper argues that COVID-19 has not seen new fraudulent approaches, rather offenders have used COVID-19 as a context to their existing schemes. Further, the current response to COVID-19 can substantially increase the number of older persons experiencing levels of vulnerability, and therefore increase their fraud risk. Research limitations/implications The current paper applies existing knowledge into the current circumstances of COVID-19 and lays the foundations for empirical work to be conducted in this area. Practical implications This paper provides an impetus to target the well-being and connectivity of older persons, (regardless of the COVID-19 context), to reduce their vulnerability to fraud victimisation. Social implications This paper highlights the importance of connectivity for older persons, and the need to focus on overcoming social isolation and loneliness. Originality/value This paper is the first to hypothesise the effects of COVID-19 and its associated government responses to the overall vulnerability of older persons, with a focus on the potential for fraud victimisation.
Event detection is a cutting-edge problem in video image processing which is not that straight forward to solve. Hence, we perform a thorough search for state of the art in solving the issues in this area. There are many applications of event detection in this age of cybercrime. We target to propose a best solution to outperform existing research and make a positive development in it. We have discussed quite a long list of existing literature reviews in this hope that it would help us and anyone else working on the same as a guideline and one stop reading.
The Iraqi human rights fraternity has opposed the passage of the anti-cybercrime draft law on grounds of its not complying with the Iraqi constitution and the international standards. The controversial bill has been introduced several times since 2011 and it is still not passed. It was alleged that, in the name of preventing cybercrimes, online frauds etc., governments wish to manipulate anti-cybercrime laws to place online and offline restrictions on human rights activists, to cripple the free press and criminalize any kind of promotion of human rights through social media networks. The theoretical underpinnings of this study focus on natural rights, associated with the Greco-Roman concept of natural law, which consider human rights as a privilege of all human beings by virtue of being human This research study adopted a descriptive approach to examine documents, archives and legal cases related to crimes associated with human rights violations. A content analysis approach was adopted to analyze the media reports and archives to retrieve the real cause of the issue. The findings revealed that Iraq is witnessing authoritarianism, civil war, and political deadlocks, in general and the annihilation of human rights, in particular. There have been several instances of human rights violations on the internet and telecommunication. The study recommends to support and nurture online human rights activism, in order to establish a healthy cyber-communications ecosystem. The study also recommends launching a national discussion with relevant individuals and institutions to reformulate the law and eliminate all restrictions that affect freedom of opinion, expression of human rights.
The uptick in malicious activity in cyberspace observed during the initial stage of the coronavirus pandemic highlighted once again the need for addressing cyberattacks. Health-related facilities were some of the main targets of cyber operations, several cyberattacks hitting even COVID-19 hospitals. Cyber operations grew in both intensity and numbers, both regarding cyberattacks and cybercrime. However, alleged state-sponsored cyberattacks are the main focus of this research. Malicious cyber operations set dangerous precedents during the pandemic, and it strengthens the need to adequately address these threats, but also broaden the research, especially in the field of International Relations. The discussion is centred on the most significant cyber incidents during the first year of the COVID-19 pandemic, beginning with the surge of cyberattacks and cybercrime during the first months of increased dependence on digital technologies for companies and state institutions. Therefore, this paper will start with a literature review regarding cyber operations and IR. Research on cyberspace in IR is not scarce, but it is still lagging behind new and dynamic evolutions. Further, I shall focus on the major state-sponsored cyber operations that occurred during this period, while also paying attention to the problem of attribution. All of these developments regarding cyber operations should stand as significant threats and warnings for governments, private companies, and citizens, and they must be addressed properly in order to prevent future considerable disruptions. Given the above, I shall summarise several general lessons and recommendations that emerged from studying the major state-sponsored cyberattacks during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Phishing is the process of enticing people into visiting fraudulent websites and persuading them to enter their personal information. Number in phishing email are spread with the aim of making web users believe that they are communicating with a trusted entity or organization. Phishing is deployed by the use of advanced and harmful tactics like malicious or phishing URLs. So, it becomes necessary to detect malicious or phishing URLs in the present scenario. Numerous anti-phishing techniques are in vogue to discriminate fake and the authentic website but are not effective. This research, focuses on the relevant URLs features that discriminate between legitimate and malicious/phishing URLs. The impact of email phishing can be largely reduced by adopting an appropriate combination of all these features with classification techniques. Therefore, an Enhanced Malicious URLs Detection (EMUD) model is developed with machine learning techniques for better classification and accurate results .
The COVID-19 pandemic has brought massive online activities and increased cybersecurity incidents and cybercrime. As a result of this, the cyber reputation of organisations has also received increased scrutiny and global attention. Due to increased cybercrime, reputation displaying a more important role within risk management frameworks both within public and private institutions is vital. This study identifies key factors in determining reputational damage to public and private sector institutions through cyberattacks. Researchers conducted an extensive review of the literature, which addresses factors relating to risk management of reputation post-cyber breach. The study identified 42 potential factors, which were then classified using the STAR model. This model is an organisational design framework and was suitable due to its alignment with organisations. A qualitative study using semi-structured and structured questions was conducted with purposively selected cybersecurity experts in both public and private sector institutions. Data obtained from the expert forum were analysed using thematic analysis, which revealed that a commonly accepted definition for cyber reputation was lacking despite the growing use of the term online reputation. In addition, the structured questions data were analysed using relative importance index rankings. The analysis results revealed significant factors in determining reputational damage due to cyberattacks, as well as highlighting reputation factor discrepancies between private and public institutions. Theoretically, this study contributes to the body of knowledge relating to cybersecurity of organisations. Practically, this research is expected to aid organisations to properly position themselves to meet cyber incidents and become more competitive in the post-COVID-19 era.
In this paper, the variance of the seven-minute delete message feature introduced in messaging applications is examined and the possible challenges faced by the forensic investigators has been presented. The aims of this study is to explore the unfavorable of this delete feature introduced by WhatsApp and its consequences on forensic investigation. Furthermore, the study conducts an in-depth exploration regarding technology misuse leading to greater possibilities in cybercrime. For this purpose, the primary data will be analyzed manually. An experiment on a number of WhatsApp artifacts will be conducted to investigate the status of the data after deletion.
The rate of innovation and adoption of information technologies continues to accelerate and each development brings with it unknown side effects and unintended consequences. Cybercrime continues to become smarter and the ubiquity of such technologies together with easy worldwide connectivity means that if only one in a million individuals chooses to act with malicious intent there is a population of 6 million potential attackers. This chapter discusses vulnerabilities that should be considered by decision makers as they could be seen as the soft underbelly of a society that has an irreversible and deep reliance on information technologies.
The mission to move from fossil to renewable energy sources is accompanied and enabled by the digitalization of our energy systems. With the introduction of information and communication technologies, the widespread integration of distributed, renewable sources, even in the distribution grid, are enabled. New use cases such as fast EV charging, local energy communities and dynamic energy tariffs are also enabled. However, this move toward digitalization also increases the exposure of the energy systems for cybercrime and raises concerns regarding the privacy of personal data. In this article, we address the issue of privacy in smart energy systems and give an overview of current methods to enhance privacy.
Owning a SOC is an important status symbol for many organizations. Although the concept of a 'SOC' can be considered a hype, only a few of them are actually effective in counteracting cybercrime and IT abuse. A literature review reveals that there is no standard framework available and no clear scope or vision on SOCs. In most of the papers, specific implementations are described, although often with a commercial purpose. Our research was focused on identifying and defining the generic building blocks for a SOC, to draft a design framework. In addition, a measurement method has been developed to assess the effectiveness of the protection provided by a SOC.
The dark web is often associated with criminal activities such as the sale of exploit kits using cryptocurrencies as payment. However, the difficulty in determining the identities of dark website owners and the tracing of the associated transactions compounds the challenges of investigating dark web activities. In this study, we explore how cryptocurrencies have been involved in cybercriminal activities on the dark web and the factors that drive cryptocurrency investments. Then, we present several recommendations and guidelines for prospective investors to help identify determinant factors for assessing investment risks in the cryptocurrency marketplace. We also present several potential research opportunities in cryptocurrency.
"The increasing demand on privacy is driving a notable quest for privacy legal instruments and practical techniques. The Onion Router (Tor) is considered the most practical service for anonymous public communications; however, it is not yet mainstream despite more than one decade of practical use and research. The reason is referred to using message encryption layers, i.e., onions, via relays offered through unknown volunteers which does not fully protect legitimate users nor services. It can also be used for illegal purposes which hampers its admissibility in many countries. In this paper, we introduce a new ecosystem built on top of Tor to broaden its use by legitimate users and at the same time provide provenance when users violate the usage policy terms. We propose Anonymity Service Providers that provide paid relays as a service to users. A user buys this service from different providers to diversify the onion circuit and avoid collude and thus disclosing her identity. Anonymity is maintained as long as the user abides to the policy; otherwise, her identity is disclosed via a reporting system. This accountability reporting system can be implemented over a Smart Contract to make arbitration automatic. This work proposes new use cases and business opportunities that are worth consideration by both the research and business communities. (C) 2021 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V."
Banking malware is malicious software that aims to steal money from victims via manipulated bank transfers in online banking. This paper describes how the profits of banking malware are generated and subsequently laundered, with a particular focus on the use of bitcoins and other digital payment methods. Computers are infected with banking malware via phishing emails, in which people are persuaded in various ways to click on links or open attachments, or via exploit kits, programs that try to find weak spots in the security of computer systems. After infection, bank transfers of the online banking accounts of victims are manipulated via fake website screens (web injects). Behind the screens the amounts and beneficiaries of transactions are modified, emptying the victims' bank accounts. In the next step, the banking malware profits are laundered. In this paper we describe two models that are used in particular (next to more traditional money laundering methods). The first model involves the use of money mules and a quick cash-out. The second model focuses on direct spending via (a) direct purchases of products via online shopping, (b) direct purchases of bitcoins via Bitcoin exchanges or (c) direct purchases of luxury goods. Bitcoins can be further laundered via so-called mixing services. All in all, these methods allow criminals to launder profits in relative anonymity and prevent seizure of the illegal profits.
"Terrorists use the Internet for many different reasons; not all are illegal but they do have a terrorist purpose, whether it be for publicity, to commit acts of terror or just for organizational purposes. The inherently transnational nature of this phenomenon poses specific problems to traditional strategies for the prevention, detection and prosecution of terrorist activities online. Countering terrorist use of the Internet demands a collaborative and innovative approach in order to find appropriate security measures while respecting fundamental human rights such as freedom of expression. The potential of the World Wide Web as a weapon in the fight against terrorism must be exploited in a creative and empowering way, attentive to cultural differences and in tune with the concerns, mindsets and worldviews of the specific audiences targeted by terrorist groups."
This research cared about clarifying the legal provisions of the unauthorized access crime contained in article 3 of the Jordanian Cybercrime act of 2015 and comparing it to other Arabic legislations and French law as well as clarifying the position of international conventions on this crime. The analysis of the crime included clarifying its elements, its sanction and the aggravating circumstances of its penalty. At the end of the research we reached some recommendations which we hope from the Jordanian legislator to adopt. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Praeterita praecipiunt. The past teaches.Forensic accounting is a specialization that is projected to grow rapidly, and courses for which are in great demand. While accounting faculty are familiar with cases that could be used to illustrate instances of and investigations into financial statement fraud, the full scope of forensic accounting includes consideration of other crimes and misdeeds. Hence, this article suggests an approach by which students can be introduced to forensic accounting areas such as occupational fraud, corruption, cybercrime, money laundering, the Fraud Triangle, whistle-blowing, and giving testimony, by providing a list of historical cases and resources in various media for the forensic accounting course instructor's use.
Anderson's work on street codes has become a seminal piece in cultural criminology. Today, it is frequently argued that street-oriented cultural beliefs are strongly linked to criminal offending. While numerous studies have found support for this link, research has yet to examine this relationship as it applies to Internet-based criminal behaviors. The current study attempts to fill this gap by examining both the predictors and effect of similar cultural beliefs in the online context. Results indicate that while controlling for more commonly examined predictors of crime, individuals who adhere to street-oriented beliefs in an online context are more likely to commit cybercrime.
PurposeThis paper aims to investigate the potential challenges that governments in the Commonwealth Caribbean are likely to face combating crimes facilitated by the dark Web. Design/methodology/approachThe lived experience methodology guided by a contextual systematic literature review was used to ground the investigation of the research phenomena in the researchers' collective experiences working in, living in and engaging in research with governments in the Commonwealth Caribbean. FindingsThe two major findings emerging from the analysis are that jurisdictional and technical challenges are producing major hindrances to the creation of an efficient and authoritative legislative framework and the building of the capacity of governments in the Commonwealth Caribbean to confront the technicalities that affect systematic efforts to manage problems created by the dark Web. Practical implicationsThe findings indicate the urgency that authorities in the Caribbean region must place on reevaluating their administrative, legislative and investment priorities to emphasize cyber-risk management strategies that will enable their seamless and wholesome integration into this digital world. Originality/valueThe research aids in developing and extending theory and praxis related to the problematization of the dark Web for governments by situating the experiences of Small Island Developing States into the ongoing discourse.
Dark net markets are a competitive environment. As these anonymous markets enable criminals to trade illicit goods or services, this causes vendors to operate under pseudonyms, rather than real-world identities. The constant battle between market admins and law enforcement makes the typical lifespan of a market two years. When a market disappears, active vendors migrate to other markets with the intention to continue their business, or have already pro-actively done so in an effort to ensure business continuity. To secure their reputation across markets, they can try to obtain the same pseudonym on multiple markets, but other individuals could beat them to the punch. A much safer method therefore, is to generate a PGP-key and use the public key as identification across markets. This way, vendors signal their continued trustworthy and reputable service on markets to buyers. In this paper, we leverage the use of PGP-keys to map careers of dark net market vendors. We parse and analyze scraped data from over 90 dark net markets (2011-2015), and discern 2,925 unique careers. By employing group based trajectory modelling, a type of latent class analysis, we infer three different career trajectories - differentiating 'established', 'challenger' and `failed' vendor careers. We show that these trajectories are heavily unbalanced in terms of longevity and success. We find that on average 80% of careers last just four months and generate very little sales. Only a small group (-2%) of highly successful vendors have a long and uninterrupted career that lasts years and spans multiple markets. This group is also responsible for at least 31% of the total revenue in our data.
Over the years, there is an increase in the use of Artificial Intelligence (AI) by digital forensics and cybersecurity professionals to combat cybercrime. Natural Language Processing (NLP) and AI applications for digital forensics and cybersecurity include data mining, knowledge representation, pattern recognition, and expert systems. This research paper focuses on a literature review of NLP-based systems in digital forensics and cybersecurity: role, applications, challenges, and future directions. This article serves as a guide for researchers and practitioners on the current state of cybersecurity and digital forensics and as well provides a roadmap for the future.
Cyber-security concerns, experiences and protective activities are increasingly discussed not only among specialists but among the general public. There is considerable variability among users, at individual and social level, in the intensity of digital activity, experience of cyber-attacks, preventive measures and concern with security. In this paper we rely on the Eurobarometer 87.4/2017 survey and we classify European Internet users in four attitudinal profiles: the avoiding, the exploratory, the wary and the aware. This empirical classification captures statistical variability and helps build a more nuanced profile of European countries, in order to adapt national policies of awareness to cybercrime.
The approval of the Spanish Organic Law 14/2022, December 22, has modified the Spanish Criminal Code by changing the typical elements of the crime of cyber fraud (redefining its elements and expan-ding its application), and has incorporated non-cash payment mechanisms such as means of commit-ting the crime (which now includes digital payment instruments). In a digital market economy like the current one, it is necessary to adapt Criminal Law to be able to punish these criminal behaviors, which use information technology to commit crimes. This paper analyzes the incidence of these modifica-tions, based on the study of the supranational regulations that have promoted these reforms, from the international level and also from the European Union.
"An electronic payment system is a system of settlements between different organizations and Internet users when buying or selling goods or services over the Internet. The relevance of the research topic is that electronic payment systems are used widely at the present stage of the development of society. This area has not escaped criminal activity. Penalties for digital payment systems and cryptocurrencies should be commensurate with the level of damage caused. The article analyzes the international legal establishing liability for this type of crime. At the instant, it remains an open question for further study of the legal status of cryptocurrency in different countries and the settlement of penalties for violations in the field of digital payment systems and cryptocurrency. Research methods: comparison, observation, analysis, synthesis, analogy, the system method, generalization method, and formal-legal method. According to the results of the study, the international comparative aspect of the types of liability for offenses in the field of digital payment systems was analyzed; the issue of criminal liability for offenses in the field of digital payment systems and cryptocurrencies, as a key punishment for these actions; identified means of protection of payment systems; the issue of legal regulation of cryptocurrency in different countries."
Case-law developments in the United States have supported narrower interpretations of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act 1986 (CFAA) in cases of unauthorised use of authorised access. This issue has been one that UK courts have also debated in the past and thus this renewed interest in the concept of insider unauthorised access offers an opportunity to bring this debate to the fore again. Starting from discussing the recent US case law, this paper further analyses relevant UK precedent and identifies legal provisions that are applicable when dealing with such incidents in addition to the Computer Misuse Act 1990. More particularly, it identifies provisions, mainly in the Data Protection Act 1998 and the Fraud Act 2006, which could substitute for the Computer Misuse Act 1990 in prosecuting insiders and thus clarifies the extent of the prosecutors' legal arsenal and manoeuvring space when dealing with exceeding unauthorised access. (C) 2016 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
In this opinion piece, we present a synopsis of our findings from the last 2 years concerning cyber-attacks on web-based academia. We also present some of problems that we have faced and try to resolve any misunderstandings about our work. We are academic information security specialists, not hackers. Finally, we present a brief overview of our methods for detecting cyber fraud in an attempt to present general guidelines for researchers who would like to continue our work. We believe that our work is necessary for protecting the integrity of scholarly publishing against emerging cybercrime.
There is a large number of high-profile cyberattacks identified in the year of 2017, i.e., Ransomware attacks are one of the areas of cybercrime growing the fastest. These increasingly sophisticated cyberattacks are forcing various organisations to face security challenges and invest money building security and trust models. There will also be an increase in the use of recent development of security solutions that can help improve the detection performance and react to malicious events. In this position paper, we mainly introduce recent development trends in cybersecurity, including legal issues (e.g., GDPR), Artificial intelligence (AI), Mobile security and Internet of Things.
One of the critical success factors of the cybercrime investigation is exact tracing back of hacker's origin. However, criminals can easily modify or delete log files on victim machines. In addition, criminals can easily modify the source IP address so that network packet cannot be a strong evidence because it is easily spoofed. This study suggests a scheme for network forensic evidence generation and verification. This proposed scheme can show the attacker's source location and guarantee the integrity of address fields. This scheme also can minimize the performance degradation of routers when generating forensic evidence via flow-based evidence traffic analysis.
Switched telephone networks are a key and ubiquitous infrastructure. Recent technological advances have integrated modern and inexpensive systems into these networks in order to use the Internet to place calls via Voice over IP (VoIP). The evolution of this technology has also led to an increase in the number and sophistication of the techniques used by criminals to commit fraud. Specifically, with the emergence of VoIP, attackers can now adapt tools commonly used by cybercriminals, such as botnets, to make their attacks more complex and insidious. For example, through bots they can dial multiple numbers automatically, enabling them to target a greater number of victims, and do so more quickly. While recent studies have shed light on how certain parts of this ecosystem work, it is still unclear how attacks on VoIP systems contribute to this type of fraud. This paper presents a novel VoIP honeypot that captures voice interactions, in addition to employing low-level telemetry. With the study of how attackers obtain access to our honeypot and the actions they perform, we present an overview of the most prevalent types of fraud used in this ecosystem, including unique insights into the origin of the attacks and the destination of calls made through our architecture. Finally, we analyze in depth the actions taken to study the different types of telephony fraud.(c) 2022 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd.This is an open access article under the CC BY license ( http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ )
The process of digitalization has impacted various aspects of social life, and the growth of digital technologies has led to significant changes in communication in society. During the pandemic, digitalization has been particularly noticeable as it has enabled continuous communication despite restrictions. However, this has also affected the level of crime, and it is crucial to understand how digitalization has impacted crime rates globally. This study aims to investigate the specifics of digitalization's impact on crime during the pandemic, examining the causal relationship between the two. The research focuses on the social relations comprised during digitalization in the criminal legal aspect. Findings suggest that the pandemic has revolutionized the usual law and order among the population, affecting both law-abiding citizens and criminals. Digitalization has also changed the nature of certain crimes, leading to a shift in the level of crime. It is expected that the pandemic will continue to impact society and crime rates for an extended period. Therefore, it is vital to consider the impact of innovative information technologies on crime levels when implementing measures in Ukraine and globally.
This article examines the implications of advanced manufacturing technology, more commonly known as three dimensional (3D) printing, for policing and crime, notably the dissemination of digital design files and the use of 3D printers to produce illicit firearms. The application and rapid evolution of 3D printing technology has created new challenges for law and regulation, and represents an interesting security paradox, albeit one which until now has received scant attention in the criminological or policing literature. On the one hand, 3D printing denotes a significant shift in the creation and use of objects, ranging from food to body parts, and more controversially, weaponry. On the other hand, the use of this technology to create items such as firearms and weapons signifies a potential safety, security, and legal challenge. We explore the emergence of 3D printing and its use to create firearms along with the theoretical challenges to legal design and enforcement presented by this decentralised technology. We also present some empirical data on instances of 3D printed firearms and firearm parts being detected internationally, and some jurisdictions' legal and policy responses. We conclude by considering that any regulation of 3D printed firearms must be based on a robust evidence base and take proper account of citizens' rights, but also that any national regulation will be in tension with the transnational and decentralised nature of the technology.
This paper presents analytical models for optimizing firm's cybersecurity spending and cyber insurance based on the effectiveness of spending in reducing cyber threats, vulnerability and impact, respectively. At the macro-level, the paper shows how private-sector contribution toward countering cybercrimes can reduce the overall cyber loss and create economic value. At the micro level, a firm's effectiveness of security spending in addressing specific cyber threats can be reduced when other co-dependent security measures are not put in place. The paper derives an optimal mix of cybersecurity investments in knowledge and expertise versus deploying mitigation measures. The paper proposes customizing cyber insurance for firms with itemized threat-specific coverage with a portion of the premium used to help clients with risk knowledge and nudge clients in implementing risk mitigation measures. Small and Mid-sized Enterprises can stand benefit the most from such innovative cyber insurance.
Rapid grow of internet users as a result of widely open access significantly contributes to increasing criminal cases particularly child pornography. Internet becomes a convenient place for users to commit distant crime by accessing porn images or child photographs as well as child sexual activity. Meanwhile, current methods to prevent and solve are considered ineffective and conventional. This paper discloses the increasing number of child pornography and provides solution to overcome it. It applied juridical, normative, empirical and technological methods. The results show that it is a tough task for law enforcement officials to find, detect and put the child pornography offenders in prison. The given law is too child-oriented, that is, it contradicts imprisonment concept to put children in jail. Thus, other form of imprisonment is needed including limited access, prohibition and access supervision for the perpretators. Yet, a question follows: who will supervise the access? A set of regulation is then seemingly required. Technology utilization expectedly can contribute to prevent child pornography in terms of software, filter or detector. Considering technology failure few years ago, technology advancement need maintaining to block creativity of cyberchild pornography to hack the information system to reach their goal.
While online offending has been found to be a specialized phenomenon, most literature on criminality indicates that offending behavior over the life course is of a general nature, which is consistent with Gottfredson and Hirschi's general theory of crime. Utilizing data collected from a large sample of 502 undergraduate college students, this study examined the extent to which college students commit off-line offending as compared with online offending. Results from a series of bivariate and multivariate analyses indicated support for conceptualizing online offending as part of a more general offending repertoire rather than as a specialty. Detailed findings, study limitations, and implications for both criminal career research and the specialization debate are also discussed.
The rapid proliferation of information and communications technologies has improved the means to record and transmit information. Not surprisingly, this digitized information can be exploited, corrupted, denied or destroyed electronically, resulting in digital information warfare (DIW). This article examines politically motivated cyberattacks in Eurasia to conduct DINV trend analyses. Document analysis is conducted on 86 documents dated from 1995 to 2011. The article goes beyond traditional DIW research on criminal organization and attack complexity by adding four new DIW components: division of labor, alliances, communication and physical elements. It generates a discussion of whether any of these components are connected, more prominent or exhibits a temporal order. The article also examines several factors that sustain and promote DIW, discusses practical lessons that can be learned from DIW in Eurasia, and offers suggestions for further research.
The objective of the article was to reveal r the main topics related to the definition of hybrid warfare and legal policy of the state in a hybrid war, legal policy of the state in the field of cybersecurity. The need to finalize legislation on the Internet taking into account international human rights standards was emphasized. Given the categorical uncertainty and unwillingness of Ukraine's current legal framework to resist new threats in a hybrid war, it is advisable to terminologize and standardize the conceptual apparatus in the legal system of cybersecurity, harmonize national legislation with international acts, as well as promoteflexibility in relevant areas of activity. It is alsonecessary to legally regulate the use of the Internet to help increase the liability of providers and site owners for the location of inaccurate and deliberately harmful information, as well as to establish a mechanism to influence unscrupulous subjects of information law in cyberspace. It is concluded that a separate area in criminology should be the protection of information sources and information security issues in a hybrid war.
Memory forensics is also known as memory analysis, which deals with the estimation of the changeable data in a system memory repository. In order to investigate and detect the attacks, the professionals perform the memory forensics to interpret the nature of the malware i.e. do not easily traceable on hard drive data. Due to the daily advancement in technological landscape the memory forensic mechanism is emerging trends because the nature of the attacks changing drastically. The general developed defense mechanisms such as anti-malware are not enough capable to deal with the computer threats. Therefore, the latest defense mechanism is directly embedded into the physical memory like RAM and opens the valuable scope of the memory forensic. From last a few decades, the technology and cybercrimes parallelly growing drastically. There are multiple reasons to perform the cyber attacks such as theft and harm the sensitive military data, targeting to ruin the energy system, identity theft of trade secrets, and cyber defamation. Memory-based forensic techniques are becoming very instrumental in digital investigations. This objective of this paper is to help and make it easy to understand the investigator in the process of the developing tools and techniques by considering different aspects of memory analysis and investigation. (c) 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Selection and peer-review under responsibility of the scientific committee of the 1st International Conference on Computations in Materials and Applied Engineering - 2021.
Based on lifestyle exposure theory (LET), this study examined online dating application (ODA) use and victimization experiences among adolescents using large cross-national samples of Finnish, American, Spanish, and South Korean young people between ages 15 and 18. According to logistic regression analyses in two substudies, ODA use was associated with more likely victimization to online harassment, online sexual harassment, and other cybercrimes and sexual victimization by adults and peers. According to mediation analyses, this relationship was mainly accounted for by the fact that ODA users engage in more risky activities in online communication and information sharing. Attention should be paid to the risks ODAs pose to vulnerable groups, such as young people, with insufficient skills to regulate their social relationships online.
With the rapid development of the Internet, cybersecurity situation is becoming more and more complex. At present, surface web and dark web contain numerous underground forums or markets, which play an important role in cybercrime ecosystem. Therefore, cybersecurity researchers usually focus on hacker-centered research on cybercrime, trying to find key hackers and extract credible cyber threat intelligence from them. The data scale of underground forums is tremendous and key hackers only represent a small fraction of underground forum users. It takes a lot of time as well as expertise to manually analyze key hackers. Therefore, it is necessary to propose a method or tool to automatically analyze underground forums and identify key hackers involved. In this work, we present HackerRank, an automatic method for identifying key hackers. HackerRank combines the advantages of content analysis and social network analysis. First, comprehensive evaluations and topic preferences are extracted separately using content analysis. Then, it uses an improved Topic-specific PageRank to combine the results of content analysis with social network analysis. Finally, HackerRank obtains users' ranking, with higher-ranked users being considered as key hackers. To demonstrate the validity of proposed method, we applied HackerRank to five different underground forums separately. Compared to using social network analysis and content analysis alone, HackerRank increases the coverage rate of five underground forums by 3.14% and 16.19% on average. In addition, we performed a manual analysis of identified key hackers. The results prove that the method is effective in identifying key hackers in underground forums.
In cybercrime, the evaluation results of the weight of digital evidence are directly influencing the cognizance of the relevant case, further influencing the judgment of the case. Now, it lacks a universally accepted standard to evaluate the weight of digital evidence. Furthermore, the result of the evaluation will be easily influenced by experts. A system, which is based on Naive Bayesian Classification, of digital evidence evaluation is put forward in this paper. It can help normalize the evaluation process effectively and automatically, avoid manual intervention, and then provide reliable evaluation results for the judge's judgment.
Advancements in Information Technology landscape over the past two decades have made the collection, preservation, and analysis of digital evidence an extremely important tool for solving cybercrimes and preparing court cases. Digital evidence plays an important role in cybercrime investigation, as it is used to link individuals with criminal activities. Thus it is of utmost importance to guarantee integrity, authenticity, and auditability of digital evidence as it moves along different levels of hierarchy in the chain of custody during cybercrime investigation. Modern day technology is more advanced in terms of portability and power. A huge amount of information is generated by billions of devices connected to the internet that needs to be stored and accessed, thus posing great challenges in maintaining the integrity and authenticity of digital evidence for its admissibility in the court of law. Handling digital evidences poses unique challenges because of the fact they are latent, volatile, fragile, can cross jurisdictional borders quickly and easily and in many cases can be time/machine dependent too. Thus guaranteeing the authenticity and legality of processes and procedures used to gather and transfer the evidence in a digital society is a real challenge. Blockchain technology's capability of enabling comprehensive view of transactions (events/actions) back to origination provides enormous promise for the forensic community. In this research we proposed Forensic-Chain: A Blockchain based Digital Forensics Chain of Custody, bringing integrity and tamper resistance to digital forensics chain of custody. We also provided Proof of Concept in Hyperledger Composer and evaluated its performance. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Phishing is a well-known cybercrime. It is performed using various tricks and techniques including email spoofing, exploiting browser vulnerabilities, web spoofing, DNS poisoning, etc. This paper sheds light on a new technique that can be used by attackers to perform a successful phishing attack through malicious browser extensions. Successful experiments have been performed over the Google Chrome browser and the technique has been validated. This paper will help researchers and browser development companies to understand this specific phishing attack and to focus on research in the area of detection and mitigation of this phishing attack.
Romance fraud occurs when an offender uses the guise of a genuine relationship to defraud an individual for financial gain. Known statistics indicate that millions are lost each year to this form of fraud. However, the potential for romance fraud victims to also experience identity crime as a consequence of their interactions and communications with an offender has yet to be explored. This article begins to address this gap by examining the potential exposure for identity crime in the context of romance fraud using reports lodged with Scamwatch, an Australian online fraud reporting portal. The findings demonstrate few behavioural and demographic characteristics associated with the potential exposure of those targeted by romance fraud to identity crime. However, the article provides insights into how this analysis should inform prevention messaging and victim support services for those targeted by romance fraud.
The home network share the data with each other to configure a network after connecting many devices that wired or wireless in the home. Recently the home network has increased as internet of things service extension. But this is not achieved strong security because due to this, each device has the function deterioration problem in home network. Therefore it is necessary to determine the wired or wireless network security vulnerabilities and countermeasures to prevention for cybercrime privacy leakage. In this paper analyzes the factors of home network vulnerabilities and middleware security in internet of things. Also it presents a security vulnerability improvement.
The cybersecurity business report (2018) estimates that cybercrime damage costs will hit $6 trillion annually by 2021 which is an upward trend from $3 trillion in 2015. Resources are being invested in training and understanding the human factors that contribute to these crimes to help deter them. However, most of the research has focused primarily on the Caucasian population with African Americans and other minorities being overlooked. This study focused on the psychosocial characteristics of this under-represented segment of the population in cybersecurity research. The results support past research on the relationship between the demographic variables and cybersecurity victimization but shed new light on these relationships in the minority population.
Smartphones and Internet have become prevalent in our society with various applications in businesses, education, healthcare, gaming, and research. One of the major issues with the Internet today is its lack of security since an eavesdropper can potentially intercept the communication. This has contributed towards an increased number of cyber-crime incidents, resulting in an increase in users' consciousness about the security and privacy of their communication. One example is the shift towards using private browsers such as Tor. Tor is a well-recognized and widely used privacy browser based on The Onion Router network that provisions anonymity over the insecure Internet. This functionality of Tor has been a major hurdle in cybercrime investigations due to the complex nature of its anonymity. This paper investigates artifacts from the Tor privacy browser on the latest Windows 10 and Android 10 devices to determine potential areas where evidence can be found. We examine the registry, storage, and memory of Windows 10 devices and the memory, storage, logs, and Zram of Android 10 devices for three possible scenarios i.e. before, during, and after use of the Tor browser. Our results do not support the claims made by the Tor Project regarding user privacy and anonymity. We find that it is possible to retrieve significant details about a user's browsing activities while the Tor browser is in use as well as after it is closed (on both operating systems). This paper also provides an investigative methodology for the acquisition and analysis of Tor browser artifacts from different areas of the targeted operating systems. Therefore, it can serve as a base to expand research in the forensic analysis of other privacy browsers and improve the efficiency of cybercrime investigations efficiency.
In criminal investigation, the ability to verify the identity of an individual (e.g., suspect or witness) is crucial. However, evidence including personal data can potentially infringe the individual's privacy. To avoid privacy infringement, data collectors in investigative agencies are required to have approval to access personal data from data subjects, but it is hard to check personal data policies of various data subjects. It is necessary to establish a centralized system to control personal data policies. In this paper, we propose the personal data control center to avoid to infringe privacy for data collectors during investigation. This article is categorized under: Digital and Multimedia Science > Cybercrime Investigation
"The connection of home electronic devices to the internet allows remote control of physical devices and involves the collection of large volumes of data. With the increase in the uptake of Internet-of-Things home devices, it becomes critical to understand the digital harms of smart homes. We present a systematic literature review on the security and privacy harms of smart homes. PRISMA methodology is used to systematically review 63 studies published between January 2011 and October 2021; and a review of known cases is undertaken to illustrate the literature review findings with real-world scenarios. Published literature identifies that smart homes may pose threats to confidentiality (unwanted release of information), authentication (sensing information being falsified) and unauthorised access to system controls. Most existing studies focus on privacy intrusions as a prevalent form of harm against smart homes. Other types of harms that are less common in the literature include hacking, malware and DoS attacks. Digital harms, and data associated with these harms, may vary extensively across smart devices. Most studies propose technical measures to mitigate digital harms, while fewer consider social prevention mechanisms. We also identify salient gaps in research, and argue that these should be addressed in future crossdisciplinary research initiatives."
In illicit online markets, actors are pseudonymous, legal institutions are absent, and predation is ripe. The literature proposes that problems of trust are solved by reputation systems, social ties, and administrative governance, but these are often measured independently or in single platforms. This study takes an eclectic approach, conceiving of trust as an estimate informed by any available evidence. Using transaction size as a proxy for trust I estimate the association between competing sources of trust - mediation, reputation, authentication, and social ties - and transaction value using multilevel regression. Using data from two online drug markets, I find mixed evidence that reputation and authentication are associated with transaction value, whereas results are consistent for social ties. Furthermore, transactions outside the scope of administrative mediation are generally larger. These findings have implications for future research and suggest increased attention should be given to the role of mediation practices and social ties.
Cyberspace creates opportunities for new forms of crime that may be related to specific personality characteristics of offenders. Few studies have investigated the personality characteristics of cyber offenders. We address this gap by comparing a judicial sample of 261 suspects of cyber-dependent crime, 260 suspects of offline crime, and a community sample of 512 participants on the HEXACO personality domains and their underlying facets. This provides a nuanced picture of the cybercriminal personality and could provide information for prevention and intervention programs. Results indicate that, compared to suspects of offline crime, suspected cyber offenders score significantly lower on extraversion and significantly higher on conscientiousness and openness to experience. Cyber offenders are more similar to community participants on these main personality domains. With regard to the underlying facets, suspected cyber offenders appear to be unique in their relatively high level of diligence. They are more similar to suspected offline offenders on traits that may help them perform criminal activities, such as lower levels of modesty, fearfulness, and flexibility. They are more similar to the community sample, however, on traits that may strengthen their ability or tendency to commit cyber offenses, such as higher levels of patience, perfectionism, and prudence.
Presently, as Covid 19 has caused most of educational processes to move online, cybersecurity and data protection is rapidly gaining importance in all educational institutions, and most of the academia became more vulnerable to cyberattacks. This article sheds some light on how communities of higher education institutions perceive increased online threats, what measures they take to protect themselves against cybercrime, whether they practice good security hygiene. This paper presents and analyses results of a survey conducted at higher education institutions (universities, colleges) into perception of cybersecurity, online culture and hygiene during the present times of remote education.
Terrorist organizations increasingly resort to the Internet to promote terrorism, recruit new terrorists, plan and finance their operations. The paper first proposes a definition of terrorism, cyberterrorism, and online terrorism preparatory acts. It then analyses whether current binding international instruments on terrorism, organized crime or cybercrime could prohibit cyber activities precursor of terrorism. The paper concludes that there is no gap in international law that leaves online terrorism related acts completely unregulated. It nevertheless recommends the drafting of an international treaty that would respond more comprehensively, precisely and thus efficiently to the use of the Internet for terrorist purposes.
In the last few years, there has been an increase in the use of Web defacements, where individuals post political or ideological messages on websites in place of the original content. There is generally little research on the predictors of Web defacements against either domestic or foreign targets. This study addresses this gap by examining the attitudinal and behavioral correlates of willingness to engage in defacements using a sample of university students in Taiwan and the United States. The findings demonstrate that political attitudes toward marginalized groups and support for cybercrime increase individuals' willingness to engage in defacements.
This article presents an initiative that addresses the problem of the digital literacy generational gap, targeting older adults that struggle to integrate the digital world and are unaware of the dangers of the online environment. The article has a European scope but with a special attention to the Portuguese context. The methodological approach started with a theoretical research on digital and online literacy of adults, followed by the design of an innovative training program specifically designed for this target group and finished with the results of the evaluation of the impact of the training. The overall conclusion, based on the achieved results, leads us to think that it is possible to improve the digital literacy of older adults so that they become effective online users while being alert to the dangers of the online world. Therefore, the work conducted is expected to contribute to a greater awareness of the importance and socio-economic possibilities that arise from the digital and technological investment for stimulating the integration of the older generation in the digital context.
Stemming the illegal trade of endangered species is a critical and very difficult challenge for conservationists and law enforcement. Much effort is given to stopping the trade of charismatic megafauna such as tigers, elephants, and rhinoceroses. Endangered plant species, however, receive far less attention and fewer resources, resulting in devastating consequences. Plant species continue to go extinct due to illegal harvesting and selling, while just one order of plants, Orchidales, makes up more than 70% of all threatened wildlife species. This study examines the role the Internet plays in critically endangered plant transactions. Rather than focusing on the dark web for these sales, I search the e-commerce site eBay to better understand the extent to which these trades take place in plain sight. Of the 193 critically endangered plant species examined, 56 were for sale in some form on eBay during the study period. These results indicate a high degree of trading in these species, but do not necessarily indicate criminality. The complexity of the international legal frameworks regulating these transactions makes it difficult to ascertain their legality, but certain indicators point to at least a subset of these sales being unlawful. E-commerce sites like eBay must take more proactive measures to regulate sales and protect these species on the brink, for it is clear the surface web is playing an understudied and important role in fostering these cybercrimes. In sum, the dark web is unnecessary when the surface web is convenient, widely available, and scarcely policed.
This chapter discusses current possibilities of creating transmedia narratives based on various digital media. It thoroughly examines Netwars - out of control, a transmedia narrative project composed of a documentary film, an interactive web documentary/portal, a mobile application, e-books, audio books, and a TV series. The project is centered around technology-based socio-cultural phenomena: user privacy, cybercrime, and hacking. Drawing on the theories formulated by Lev Manovich, Henry Jenkins, and Marie-Laure Ryan, the chapter focuses particularly on providing an account of the project's interactive components and analyzing their medium-specific technological properties, storytelling techniques, and user-engaging models.
The growing demand for computer security, and the cyberization trend, are hallmarks of the 21st century. The rise in cyber-crime, digital currency, and e-governance has been well met by a corresponding recent jump in investment in new technology for securing computers around the globe. Business and government sectors have begun to focus effort on comprehensive cyber security solutions. With this effort has emerged a need for greater collaboration between research and industry fields. Despite much effort, there is still too little cross-disciplinary collaboration in the realm of computer security. This paper reviews the new trends, contributions, and identifiable limitations in cyber security research. We argue that these limitations are due largely to the lack of interdisciplinary cooperation required to address a problem that is clearly multifaceted. We then identify a need for further refinement of standard cyber security terminology to facilitate interdisciplinary cooperation, and propose guidelines for the global Internet multistakeholder community to consider when crafting such standards. We also assess the viability of some specific jargon, including whether cyber should be a separate word when used as a descriptor (e.g. cybercrime or cybercrime), and conclude with recommendations for terminology use when writing papers on cyber security or the new broader field of all things relating to cyberspace, which has recently been dubbed Cybermatics, a term we also examine and propose alternatives to. By furthering the effort to standardize cyber security terminology, this paper lays groundwork for cross-disciplinary collaboration, interaction between technical and nontechnical stakeholders, and drafting of universal Internet governance laws.
Theories of crime have been an important part of criminological literature for many years. Different theories address the issue of crime at various levels, ranging from societal, through community and socialisation influence theories, to the most specific level, individual theories. The aim of most of the theories of crime is to explain why crime occurs and who is most likely to engage in criminal acts, and as such they are an important element of developing a thorough understanding of the psychology of cybercrime. Many of the high level theories of crime are mainly sociological, geographical or political in scope, whereas theories of crime that consider socialisation and individual differences are those which are most suited to psychological discussion. Because of this, the current chapter will primarily focus on these types of theories of crime, although reference will be made to higher level theories as appropriate. Some of the theories of crime considered in this chapter include biological theories, labelling theories, geographical and routine activity theories, trait theories learning theories, psychoanalytic theories, addiction and arousal theories and neutralization theories, as well as examining the complex theory of crime proposed by Eysenck and the complicated issue of defining crime due to its existence as a social construct. While it must be remembered that there has been little empirical examination of how these theories specifically relate to cybercrime, some theories show potential for explaining the nature of the phenomenon. This chapter aims to determine which theories are most suitable for further investigation and applicability to cybercriminal cases.
This paper tests disruption strategies in Twitter networks containing malicious URLs used in drive-by download attacks. Cybercriminals use popular events that attract a large number of Twitter users to infect and propagate malware by using trending hashtags and creating misleading tweets to lure users to malicious webpages. Due to Twitter's 280 character restriction and automatic shortening of URLs, it is particularly susceptible to the propagation of malware involved in drive-by download attacks. Considering the number of online users and the network formed by retweeting a tweet, a cybercriminal can infect millions of users in a short period. Policymakers and researchers have struggled to develop an efficient network disruption strategy to stop malware propagation effectively. We define an efficient strategy as one that considers network topology and dependency on network resilience, where resilience is the ability of the network to continue to disseminate information even when users are removed from it. One of the challenges faced while curbing malware propagation on online social platforms is understanding the cybercriminal network spreading the malware. Combining computational modelling and social network analysis, we identify the most effective strategy for disrupting networks of malicious URLs. Our results emphasise the importance of specific network disruption parameters such as network and emotion features, which have proved to be more effective in disrupting malicious networks compared to random strategies. In conclusion, disruption strategies force cybercriminal networks to become more vulnerable by strategically removing malicious users, which causes successful network disruption to become a long-term effort.
Online fraud is ever-increasing with fraudsters who use a variety of platforms, like online employment classified advertisement databases, to defraud unsuspecting users. The literature suggests fraudsters achieve this by imitating legitimate individuals and organizations to deploy their SE characteristics and tactics for the purpose of gaining users' personal, sensitive and financial information for their own personal gain. The research objective of the current study is to explore the extent fraudsters' SE attacks, such as linguistic cues and tactics, differ depending on a user's online resume presentation on employment database websites. The current study uses a mixed methods analysis to quantify the qualitative data extracted from fraudsters who pretend to be legitimate employers/employment opportunities online. The findings suggest an association between unique fraudsters and fraud instances and the demographics of a featured resume profile. Additionally, the results indicate that a fraudster's technological ability and thus sophistication may influence SE characteristics, especially their tactics to defraud targets. The study emphasizes the critical role human behavior plays during an online fraud attack with recommendations for future research and policy. The findings suggest fraudsters socially learn and adapt to their online environment and consequently emphasize the importance of identifying offenders' ever-changing strategies to defraud users while educating potential targets.
In this study, we contributed on research of policing cyberspace by analysing how different stakeholder groups (nodal clusters) participate in the formal security network during detecting and handling of data system break-ins in practice. The goal of this article was to study whether citizens have roles within the security network. The analysis was based on data system break-ins (n = 220) reported to the Finnish national computer emergency response team, CERT-FI, in 2012. We detected five types of nodal clusters: computer emergency response teams (CERTs), companies, public organisations, private persons and associations. The roles of nodal clusters were described by using cultural, social, political, economic and symbolic capital. However, the results show that there are differences not only between the nodal clusters but also inside them regarding their positioning within the network. We argue that instead of a type of nodal cluster, division based on the roles and individual needs could be more relevant. Recognition of roles could encourage netizens to co-produce cybersecurity from their respective premises.
It is obvious that Computer networks are plagued by Internet worms during last years. These worms has bad influence on the quality of internet services. Better development of worms filters is based on a complete vision of its behavior and methods of its spread. Moreover, reactions to attempted infections may slow down the highly infection rate of internet worms. Different factors affect the spread rate of internet worms such as the underlying transport protocol (TCP or UDP) which creates a distinct difference in propagation of worms from a network's point of view. In this study, different internet worms and factors that affect their infection rate are investigated. These factors include Transport Protocol, Infection Length, Target Vector and Scanning Pattern, Scan rate, round trip time, Bandwidth, Queue buildup, and the number of parallel connections. The study will help to get insight the TCP and UDP internet worms, their life cycle, methods selecting target victims and the critical parameters that may affect their spread rate.
The profitability in cybercrime activity has resulted into an exponential growth of malware numbers and complexity. This has led to both industry and academic research building malware research labs to allow for deeper malware analysis so that for more efficient detection techniques can be proposed. Extended malware study could lead to development of more advanced malware signatures, potentially resulting into designing of secure systems thus a resilient cyberspace. Malware classification and clustering based on malware families and traits is an important step in malware analysis. This paper presents a comparative study of file format hashes that are used in the industry is conducted in an effort towards suggesting an approach for faster and easier offline malware classification framework.
The growth and capabilities of cyberspace have brought about many advantages to societies. Individuals and businesses have used cyberspace for easier communication, but nation-states also utilise it to improve the functioning of their critical infrastructure. Critical infrastructures provide vital services such as the health, safety and security needed for the efficient functioning of societies. However, vulnerabilities in cyberspace have made cyberattacks such as cyberwarfare possible. Cyberwarfare is an international concern due to the negative impact it can have on critical infrastructure. This paper aims to discuss cyberwarfare and the potential effects that it can have on critical infrastructure. This paper follows a theoretical research methodology to provide an understanding of cyberwarfare. In addition, the paper provides a better understanding of the impact that cyberwarfare can have on critical infrastructure. The paper contains an exhaustive definition of cyberwarfare. Since cyberwarfare is a type of cyberattack, it is similar but not the same as other cyberattacks such as cybercrime and cyberterrorism. Therefore, to gain a clear understanding of cyberwarfare, the paper discusses cyberwarfare, cybercrime, and cyberterrorism. The paper also discusses some of the most significant cyberwarfare incidents. Since the effects can be devastating, critical infrastructure must be protected from cyberwarfare. A survey of techniques for protecting critical infrastructure from cyberwarfare is presented. The identified incidents highlight the effects that cyberwarfare can cause. Hence, the possible effects that cyberwarfare can cause on critical infrastructure is discussed. Due to the negative effects of cyberwarfare, nations need to be prepared to protect their critical infrastructure from cyberwarfare. Therefore, the paper also discusses the authors' stance on South Africa preparedness to defend themselves in the event of cyberwarfare.
Cybercrime is significantly growing as the development of internet technology. To mitigate this issue, the law enforcement adopts network surveillance technology to track a suspect and derive the online profile. However, the traditional network surveillance using the single-device tracking method can only acquire part of a suspect's online activities. With the emergence of different types of devices (e.g., personal computers, mobile phones, and smart wearable devices) in the mobile edge computing (MEC) environment, one suspect can employ multiple devices to launch a cybercrime. In this paper, we investigate a novel cross-device tracking approach which is able to correlate one suspect's different devices so as to help the law enforcement monitor a suspect's online activities more comprehensively. Our approach is based on the network traffic analysis of instant messaging (IM) applications, which are typical commercial service providers (CSPs) in the MEC environment. We notice a new habit of using IM applications, that is, one individual logs in the same account on multiple devices. This habit brings about devices' receiving sync messages, which can be utilized to correlate devices. We choose five popular apps (i.e., WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, WeChat, QQ, and Skype) to prove our approach's effectiveness. The experimental results show that our approach can identify IM messages with highF1-scores (e.g., QQ's PC message is 0.966, and QQ's phone message is 0.924) and achieve an average correlating accuracy of 89.58% of five apps in an 8-people experiment, with the fastest correlation speed achieved in 100 s.
In the public mind, Bitcoin has often been associated with censorship circumvention and evasion of surveillance measures, specifically in the context of monetary transactions. However, this perceived anonymity is a false sense of security as both on-chain transactions and the underlying message exchange in the peer-to-peer network are attack vectors for deanonymisation and monitoring, as shown in other research. Nonetheless, there has been an increase in Bitcoin usage not only for end-users but also in the context of cybercrime in the form of cryptojacking and ransomware. So there are a number of reasons why proxies might be used in the Bitcoin network, either as a privacy-preserving measure of end-users or as obfuscation in cybercrime. In this paper, we present a measurement study with the goal of characterising the proxy and VPN usage in the Bitcoin peer-to-peer network. We developed YABA (Yet Another Bitcoin Analyser) to gather network data in a geographically distributed fashion and analyse it. We describe our techniques to infer proxy/VPN usage and load on the peer through different latency measurements and the limitations of our approaches. We utilise port scanning of standard proxy/VPN service ports to compare results. We deployed our infrastructure on three continents (4 workers) and continuously crawled the network, with a total of 26.9 million connection attempts over five days. We conclude the usage of proxies to be minimal, with an estimated 0.4% of peers detected through latency measurements. Similar prevalence was measured through the use of port scans with SOCKS port hitrate at 0.3%, while common VPN ports had hitrates between 0.18% and 0.7%.
Mass-marketing frauds (MMFs) are on the increase. Given the amount of monies lost and the psychological impact of MMFs there is an urgent need to develop new and effective methods to prevent more of these crimes. This paper reports the early planning of automated methods our interdisciplinary team are developing to prevent and detect MMF. Importantly, the paper presents the ethical and social constraints involved in such a model and suggests concerns others might also consider when developing automated systems.
"This paper presents an evaluation of extant opportunity-reducing techniques employed to mitigate insider threats. Although both motive and opportunity are required to commit maleficence, this paper focuses on the concept of opportunity. Opportunity is more tangible than motive; hence it is more pragmatic to reflect on opportunity-reducing measures. To this end, opportunity theories from the field of criminology are considered. The exploratory evaluation proffers several areas of research and may assist organizations in implementing opportunity-reducing information security controls to mitigate insider threats. The evaluation is not definitive, but serves to inform future understanding. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
Cybercrime is a growing problem in the United States and worldwide. Many questions remain unanswered as to the proper role and scope of criminal law in addressing socially undesirable actions affecting and conducted through the use of computers and modern information technologies. This Article tackles perhaps the most exigent question in US. cybercrime law-the scope of activities that should be subject to criminal sanction under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (CFAA), the federal antihacking statute. At the core of current CFAA debate is the question of whether private contracts, such as website terms of use or organizational acceptable use policies should be able to define the limits of authorization and access for purposes of criminal sanctions under the CFAA. Many scholars and activists argue that such contracts should not, because they may result in ridiculous consequences such as the criminalization of misrepresenting one's desirability on an online dating website. Critics of such arguments rebut that failing to allow contract-based restrictions opens the door for hackers to engage in many types of disfavored activity not otherwise subject to criminal sanction. This Article examines the tension between these two positions, both from the standpoint of current U.S. jurisprudence and scholarship, and from the standpoint of the respective purposes of criminal and tort law in deterring and punishing socially undesirable behavior. The Article concludes by proposing a legislative revision to the CFAA's mens rea element that substantially mitigates the risk of overbroad criminalization while leaving intact the ability of the law to deter and punish the most serious acts affecting and utilizing computers.
The reality today proves beyond any doubt a manifestation of an exacerbation of cybercrime in all its manifestations, the most common being those of unauthorized access to a computer system, theft of confidential data and their use for criminal purposes, modification of websites without permission from holders and others. Computer forgery is a criminal offense stipulated in the current Romanian Penal Code, the art. 325 and covers an area of specialized crime - acts committed in this context are likely to harm the production of materials, with very high costs and sometimes difficult to recover. In this case, combating or preventing the committing of such crimes represents a necessity of our days.
Cloud computing technologies are one of the most developed knowledge fields today. However, the rapid growth of cloud computing has made cybercrime crime grow. This poses new challenges to investigating. Currently, there have been many research models and frameworks that support the forensics investigation process and methodology, but the existing frameworks are not suitable to be implemented automatically in a cloud environment. By using a literature survey, the researcher proposes a model that can be applied to a cloud environment. The proposed model is expected to carry out investigations automatically and aims to maximize the use of digital evidence so that readiness can be achieved.
Cybersecurity attacks in healthcare have evolved towards social engineering and human-based intervention, showing increased frequency and success of such attacks. Increased priority and resources towards human factors training can reduce cybercriminal opportunity in healthcare. A cybersecurity workshop, developed following the ADDIE model, allowed frontline healthcare workforce and nursing students to increase their knowledge and confidence abilities against windows of opportunity for cybercrime. Participants confidence in cybersecurity skills use in daily practice significantly increased while participants knowledge showed a positive tendency. A list of actions for enhancing the cybersecurity in healthcare training is discussed as guidance for current and future curricula.
This article argues that application of the term cybercrime is overly expansive and by this nature exclusive of lesser deviancies, or microdeviations. These relatively minor deviant actions are frequently encountered online but are ineffectively checked by regulation. Their banal nature contributes to normalization, informing manufactured uncertainty and moral panic. Several examples of microdeviation are explored emphasizing the intersection of normalization and anxiety and the potential impact on digital spaces. While this issue is only part of the greater societal impact of informationalization, it nonetheless raises important questions as the global north progresses toward harmonizing Internet regulations.
In this paper, a case study of cyber crime is presented in the context of JNTUHJAC website. CERT-In is identified as the organization relevant to handling this kind of cybercrime. This paper is an attempt to find and do away with the lacunae in the prevailing cyber laws and the I.T. Act 2000 and the related amendment act 2008 such that law takes cognizance of all kinds of cybercrimes perpetrated against individuals/societies/nations. It is found that ICANN is an organization to control the cyberspace by blocking the space wherein the content involves cognizable offence.
"Women have been the object of victimization for centuries and portrayed as the lesser sex in many cultures around the world. Crimes such as rape, domestic violence and stalking would predominantly happen to women. In the age of the Internet and borderless information, women have become the targeted sex with a high risk of victimization. Stalking, a crime that was once considered traditional have now transcend into cyberspace and fast becoming more dangerous and invasive than its conventional counterpart specifically in its harm and impact onto the victims. In the past decade, cyber stalking has escalated alarmingly and it is commonly committed by intimate partners and strangers alike; the gender-based commission by men and the victimization of women cannot be ignored. It is within this context that this paper seeks to examine the gendered nature of cyberstalking as a type of technology-facilitated violence against women in cyberspace. Importantly, the paper will also analyse the legal positions governing such crime in Malaysia. This article employs a doctrinal analysis using secondary data from the Penal Code, Communication and Multimedia Act 1998, law reports, academic journals, books, and online databases. The authors contend that women are the most vulnerable targets in cyberstalking victimization as the modus operandi of the crime is concealed by the shadow of anonymity and facilitated via trans-border connectivity. The Malaysian anti-stalking laws need to be urgently reviewed in order to sufficiently provide adequate protection and remedies to the victims of cyber stalking, particularly to women victims. (c) 2018 Published by Future Academy www.FutureAcademy.org.UK"
BACKGROUND: The adoption of healthcare technology is arduous, and it requires planning and implementation time. Healthcare organizations are vulnerable to modern trends and threats because it has not kept up with threats. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this systematic review is to identify cybersecurity trends, including ransomware, and identify possible solutions by querying academic literature. METHODS: The reviewers conducted three separate searches through the CINAHL and PubMed (MEDLINE) and the Nursing and Allied Health Source via ProQuest databases. Using key words with Boolean operators, database filters, and hand screening, we identified 31 articles that met the objective of the review. RESULTS: The analysis of 31 articles showed the healthcare industry lags behind in security. Like other industries, healthcare should clearly define cybersecurity duties, establish clear procedures for upgrading software and handling a data breach, use VLANs and deauthentication and cloud-based computing, and to train their users not to open suspicious code. CONCLUSIONS: The healthcare industry is a prime target for medical information theft as it lags behind other leading industries in securing vital data. It is imperative that time and funding is invested in maintaining and ensuring the protection of healthcare technology and the confidentially of patient information from unauthorized access.
Industrial reports indicate that security incidents continue to inflict large financial losses on organizations. Researchers and industrial analysts contend that there are fundamental problems with existing security incident response process solutions. This paper presents the Security Incident Response Criteria (SIRC) which can be applied to a variety of security incident response approaches. The criteria are derived from empirical data based on in-depth interviews conducted within a Global Fortune 500 organization and supporting literature. The research contribution of this paper is twofold. First, the criteria presented in this paper can be used to evaluate existing security incident response solutions and second, as a guide, to support future security incident response improvement initiatives.
The purpose of this article is to raise awareness of issues associated with misleading or deceptive conduct under the Australian Consumer Law and domain names. The article provides a brief discussion on some key decisions on misleading or deceptive conduct in relation to domain names containing similar wording and/or similar corresponding websites. It also discusses what a domain name is, and what characteristics and functions it serves to users, and also explores several different types of cybercrime, including cybersquatting of domain names. The article concludes with some short tips on how to minimise the risks of being engaged in misleading or deceptive conduct in relation to domain names.
Cybercrime is one of the most difficult features of contemporary digital technology. Hence, it is crucial to restrict and perhaps even prevent its impacts. Systems are protected against numerous harmful attacks by Intrusion Detection (ID) systems. One method for figuring out a system's typical behavior is to look at the call sequences the system processes make. In this paper, an ID system was devised based on the Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) architecture that is more accurate than conventional RNNs. The performance of the proposed ID model produced a high accuracy, detection rate, and low false alarm rate. Thus, supporting the model's reputability.
Due to the rapid proliferation of Android malware, conventional antimalware signature-based solutions face significant challenges to battle against cybercrime. In this work, we propose to use quantitative data flow profiles between system entities such as processes, files and sockets to detect malicious applications on Android, an approach which has been shown to be promising for detecting-Windows malware. Our approach uses features based on graph-theoretical metrics as a basis for the analysis. Those features are trained through multiple machine learning algorithms obtaining malware detection rates of up to 93% for variants of known ( trained) families and detection of new families of up to 84%.
"Despite the growth in literature examining fear of cybercrime, few studies have examined altruistic fear online. Additionally, few studies have examined ransomware fear, potentially limiting the effectiveness of fear reduction policies. Using randomly assigned vignettes administered to online samples (n = 428; 432), findings indicate that perceptions of disorder were associated with increased personal fear, yet were not associated with altruistic ransomware fear. Social cohesion was associated with altruistic fear, yet was not associated with personal fear. Findings demonstrate the need for fear reduction policies to acknowledge the multifaceted nature of fear and adapt explanatory models to online contexts."
The Internet, a useful tool for communicating information, is now a pervasive and necessary infrastructure for modern economy. Accordingly, because of economic motivations, it became an arena for cyberwarfare and cybercrime. In this paper, we present the novel threat called SlowComm and we show how it can successfully lead a DoS on a targeted system using a small amount of attack bandwidth. Further, since the proposed attack is not bounded to a specific protocol, it can be considered a protocol independent attack, proving the ability it has to affect different Internet services. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
In this paper, we propose the experimental construction of a new attacker typology grounded in real-life data, using grounded theory analysis and over 200 publicly available documents containing details of digital banking related cybercrime and involved attackers. The current state of this research area is introduced briefly, high-lighting current issues and shortcomings. This is supported by a brief investigation into the mechanisms of the construction of previous taxonomies and typologies. Eight attacker profiles forming the typology specific to the case of digital banking are presented. A short discussion of contributions made and suggestions for future research directions in this field are also added.
"Technology has dramatically simplified the process of engaging in a variety of crimes, particularly the distribution of child exploitation materials, or CEM. The ability to share photos and video across the globe through high speed Internet connections and mobile devices has made it easy to access CEM. At the same time, technology has complicated the investigation of these crimes by increasing the scope of spaces to police that is operated by public and private entities. This review outlines the challenges inherent in the investigation of CEM in the context of Wall's typology of policing online spaces, recognizing formal and informal sources of social control. The methods used by law enforcement to affect CEM are discussed, highlighting current limitations inherent in online investigations; namely the sheer scope of the problem and the nexus between rapid technological advances and commensurate legal responses, among others. The review highlights the need for engagement from industrial and non-governmental organizations in addition to law enforcement in order to facilitate the investigation of CEM offenses; strategies to improve the state of policing CEM need to include integrating public and private sphere responses to these offenses."
Cybersecurity is a major challenge especially as the world transitions to the fourth industrial revolution. Cybercriminals are always perceived to be using complex sophisticated mechanisms to launch attacks to information systems. It is however worth exploring Social Engineering as one of the arts used to exploit the weakest layer of information security systems, who are the users. In the recent past, the world has witnessed a gradual gain in popularity of Social Engineering attacks propagated through varied forms, including, phishing, vishing and smishing. Hence, this paper presents and demonstrates an analytical approach towards Social Engineering. The study explored the level of understanding of three forms of Social Engineering and the prevalence of Social Engineering attacks with their countermeasures. Qualitative and quantitative data was collected from a random sample through an online survey and face-to-face interviews. Data analysis showed that vishing and smishing are the most commonly used forms of Social Engineering in Kenya with the use of authority featuring as a persuasion strategy used by attackers striving for financial gain. The lack of user education and awareness outstandingly came out as the main reason behind a majority of successful attacks. The study was limited to Kenya as a representative of developing Nations in Africa. The resulting study outcomes could form a foundation for the development of information security policies and awareness programs. This could further translate into National or International Laws on Social Engineering based Cyber-attacks.
Law enforcement faces problems in tracing the true identity of offenders in cybercrime investigations. Most offenders mask their true identity, impersonate people of high authority, or use identity deception and obfuscation tactics to avoid detection and traceability. To address the problem of anonymity, authorship analysis is used to identify individuals by their writing styles without knowing their actual identities. Most authorship studies are dedicated to English due to its widespread use over the Internet, but recent cyber-attacks such as the distribution of Stuxnet indicate that Internet crimes are not limited to a certain community, language, culture, ideology, or ethnicity. To effectively investigate cybercrime and to address the problem of anonymity in online communication, there is a pressing need to study authorship analysis of languages such as Arabic, Chinese, Turkish, and so on. Arabic, the focus of this study, is the fourth most widely used language on the Internet. This study investigates authorship of Arabic discourse/text, especially tiny text, Twitter posts. We benchmark the performance of a profile-based approach that uses n-grams as features and compare it with state-of-the-art instance-based classification techniques. Then we adapt an event-visualization tool that is developed for English to accommodate both Arabic and English languages and visualize the result of the attribution evidence. In addition, we investigate the relative effect of the training set, the length of tweets, and the number of authors on authorship classification accuracy. Finally, we show that diacritics have an insignificant effect on the attribution process and part-of-speech tags are less effective than character-level and word-level n-grams.
Cybercrime is growing dramatically in the technological world nowadays. World Wide Web criminals exploit the personal information of internet users and use them to their advantage. Unethical users leverage the dark web to buy and sell illegal products or services and sometimes they manage to gain access to classified government information. A number of illegal activities that can be found in the dark web include selling or buying hacking tools, stolen data, digital fraud, terrorists activities, drugs, weapons, and more. The aim of this project is to collect evidence of any malicious activity in the dark web by using computer security mechanisms as traps called honeypots.
Fake news and its significance carried the significance of affecting diverse aspects of diverse entities, ranging from a city lifestyle to a country global relativity, various methods are available to collect and determine fake news. The recently developed machine learning (ML) models can be employed for the detection and classification of fake news. This study designs a novel Chaotic Ant Swarm with Weighted Extreme Learning Machine (CAS-WELM) for Cybersecurity Fake News Detection and Classification. The goal of the CAS-WELM technique is to discriminate news into fake and real. The CAS-WELM technique initially pre-processes the input data and Glove technique is used for word embedding process. Then, N-gram based feature extraction technique is derived to generate feature vectors. Lastly, WELM model is applied for the detection and classification of fake news, in which the weight value of the WELM model can be optimally adjusted by the use of CAS algorithm. The performance validation of the CAS-WELM technique is carried out using the benchmark dataset and the results are inspected under several dimensions. The experimental results reported the enhanced outcomes of the CAS-WELM technique over the recent approaches.
Data from Online Social Networks, search engines, and the World Wide Web are forms of unstructured knowledge that are not regularly used in cybersecurity systems. The main reason for the reluctance to utilize them is the difficulty to process them effectively and extract valuable information. In this paper, we present the Systemic Analyzer In Network Threats (SAINT) Observatory Subsystem or SAINToS for short, a novel platform for the acquisition and analysis of Open-Source Intelligence feeds. The proposed framework integrates different information pools to create a supplementary view of the evolving cybercriminal activity. The aim of SAINToS, is to provide additional models, methodologies, and mechanisms to enrich existing cybersecurity analysis. As a significant amount of related information is not standardized in the form of structured data tables or machine-processable formats (e.g., XML or JSON), secondary data sources, such as social networks and blogs, are expected to expand the scope and effectiveness of existing approaches. The emphasis of this work, is placed on the harmonization and visualization of data from different sources. As a result, these sources can be better understood and reused. In addition, the SAINToS, besides its standalone functionality and capabilities, can provide input, in standard formats, to additional major threat intelligence platforms.
Cloud Computing Management has introduced a whole new meaning to globalism. Control over national security, criminal conduct, medical records, trade, intellectual property, privacy and a host of other important rights and responsibilities is governed by a paradigm that is conducted in the internet cloud. Cloud computing depends upon a level of inter-connectedness that crosses legal borders, yet has no boundaries. Cloud-computing regulations in one jurisdiction may have no application in another jurisdiction. However, important laws such as the U. S. Patriot Act, the General Agreement on Trade and Services (GATS), and the European Union privacy laws are applicable regardless of the location of the cloud service provider. A global legal framework that balances national and private interests would enhance confidence and improve legal certainty in the global electronic marketplace. This article examines the existing legal and ethical concepts and doctrines for cyber law and organizes a conceptual legal structure for cloud computing management. Based on empirical research, international legal theory, and an analysis of international and national legal regimes and case decisions, this article explores the advantages and the challenges of establishing a global legal framework for cloud computing that advances cooperation and innovation in the cloud, while protecting the rights of the communities of users on earth.
The emergence of the Internet of Things devices in everyday life has increased its sales dramatically over recent years, specifically of smart devices, such as smartwatches, fitness trackers and smart phones. The number of vulnerabilities exploited has also risen in tandem with the increased sales. The attack vectors have greatly increased due to the connectivity and mass functionality of these devices. The lack of security in smartwatches, marketed towards children, poses a prominent threat for their safety and security. Results reported in this paper revealed significant security vulnerabilities in several popular kids' smartwatches when exploited by SMS command injection, Bluetooth tracking and Wi-Fi man in the middle attack. The devices investigated were kids' smartwatches, a fitness tracker and a smart phone with varying functions, connections and security features. Findings of the paper raise concerns as vulnerabilities of kids' IoT smart devices can lead to criminal cases, such as child grooming and child abduction.
The present study aims to examine whether criminogenic risk factors can be applied to explain different types of juvenile offenses involving traditional and/or cyber offenses, and explore their common and unique patterns presented among juvenile offenders. To achieve the goals, this study employs machine learning (ML) techniques to construct a decision support system that predicts different types of juvenile offenses (i.e., non-offense, hacking only, traditional offense only, and both offenses) by risk factors rooted in a variety of criminological theories. This study is based on the data from the Second International Self-Report of Delinquency Study. The results demonstrate the generalizability of mainstream criminological theories to juvenile hacking and dual offenses involving both traditional offense and hacking. ML predictive models can successfully distinguish between different types of juvenile offenders and identify the most influential risk factors (e.g., gender, digital piracy, substance use, victimization, and parental supervision). The relative importance of risk factors provides valuable information to decision-makers and stakeholders in the juvenile justice system for developing more effective risk assessments and early intervention programs targeting different types of juvenile offenders.
Purpose This study aims to illustrate and determine how illegally obtained funds are laundered through online platforms and companies in different economic sectors in the digital age. Design/methodology/approach A qualitative analysis approach using purpose sampling methods, including 21 semi-structured interviews with prevention experts, compliance officers and convicted cybercriminals, resulted in the determination of concrete money-laundering methods involving the employment of online platforms provided by companies and institutions in different economic sectors. Findings The current study focuses on various companies in different economic segments that mitigate cyber laundering and the anti-money laundering measures that can be adopted. Therefore, this paper provides a detailed discussion and analysis on how money launderers avoid being detected. Both preventive and criminal perspectives are taken into consideration. Originality/value By identifying the gaps in the current anti-money-laundering mechanisms, it will provide compliance officers, legislators and law enforcement agencies with an in-depth insight into how cyber laundering operates in various economic sectors.
The recent scandal over the appropriation of users' data from the Facebook platform serves to surface wider concerns about 'big data', relating inter alia to the ways in which personal data are obtained, stored and used for commercial purposes. This article outlines some of the issues involved, and sketches some of the ways in which theologically inspired reflection and action might begin to address those issues.
The evolution of policing towards the next generation, not only involves confronting new types of crime such as cybercrime, but also the active engagement of citizens in the process of creating a secure environment through the deployment of community policing practices. However, in order to fully exploit the potential of community policing, the building of trust between citizens and Law Enforcement Officers is important. In this paper, the authors (all participating in the EU Research project on community policing TRILLION), discuss issues related to the use of innovative technologies, while ensuring societal approval, in the context of community policing. Both requirements and corresponding work leading to the actual implementation of a fully operational platform are presented.
Purpose Global evidence suggests a potential displacement of youth offending from the physical to the digital landscape, requiring revision of existing detection and intervention methods. This study aims to explore pathways from harmful to illegal online activity perpetrated by young people, legislation and police perspectives, current detection methods and interventions. Design/methodology/approach This perspective paper examines issues observed within a larger systematic literature review on digital youth offending. Findings A trajectory from acceptable to harmful and subsequently illegal behaviour was identified, with a particular pathway from unethical video game activity to digitally dependent offending. Legislation and police perspectives vary by jurisdiction, with a common theme that increased officer education is key to the level of preparedness to investigate cases. Machine learning and automatic prevention show promise as detection and disruption processes, with education recommended for young people as a deterrent and redirection of skills to positive outcomes. Research limitations/implications Recommendations for further research include a broad survey of school students to include all identified areas of digital offending, which could drive the development of targeted education by law enforcement and partner agencies for young people. Practical implications The shift in youth offending requires the justice and educational systems to adjust how they respond to youth crime. Policy and practise shifts can include further exploration of investigative hacking, education for law enforcement and educational prevention and redirection programmes aimed at youth. Originality/value The digital displacement of youth offending is a progressively emerging concept. This paper examines the current state of response from educational and law enforcement agencies and discusses the next steps based on what is currently known.
Recently the CJEU decision in the case of 'Ewa Glawischnig-Piesczek v. Facebook Ireland Limited' has raised the issue of the transcultural/trans-territorial signification of hate speech and hate crimes. Taking a cue from this decision and the related semiotic/legal implications, the paper proposes an analysis of the semio/pragmatic conditions for the production of performativity inherent in hate speech across different cultural universes of discourse. Given that web-based digital communication is global-at least, potentially-regardless of any spatial/political compartmentalization, it crosses different semio-cultural circuits. This trans-spatiality implies transcultural crossings that can multiply and even transfigure the semantic implications of the original signifier and the related prognoses of 'semantic effectiveness.' Cultural boundaries therefore may function as a kind of 'horizon of events' for hate speech and, more inclusively, all linguistic acts and their legal signification/classification. The question then arises regarding whether and to what extent the performativity of hate speech is able to withstand the variation of cultural boundary conditions. Insofar as cultures are universes of experience, the issue to be investigated broadens, and ends up invoking the question of whether or not the production of performativity implicitly presupposes and tacitly epitomizes the semio-pragmatic implications/consequences (or, in Peircean terms, 'bearings') coextensive with cultural universes of experience. Were this the case, it would seem to call into question the very possibility of 'making things only with words,' or more explicitly, the alleged meaning of 'linguistic acts.'
Hackers often engage in website defacement early in their criminal careers to establish a reputation. Some hackers become increasingly prolific and launch a large number of attacks against their targets, whereas others only launch a few attacks before eventually desisting from a life of crime. A better understanding of why some hackers launch a large number of attacks, while others do not, will assist in the implementation of targeted intervention strategies. Therefore, the current study, using a sample of 119 active hackers, seeks to answer two research questions: (1) Are there different groups of website defacers based on attack volume? (2) Which observed hacker-level characteristics can be used to predict latent class membership? We find that two unique groups of website defacers exist: low-volume defacers (69%) and high-volume defacers (31%). Social media presence, the content of the defacement, and the type of defacement are all predictive of latent class membership. Policy implications are discussed.
Digital economy is strengthening in prominence and relevance in the era of digital transformation. The economic opportunity and growth of nations are dependent on the digital world, as world community increasingly connected in the cyber-space. The boom in digital economy is coupled with cyber risks and cyber threats for nations. National cybersecurity strategy (NCSS) is an essential element as cybersecurity is needed to protect and enable digital economy. This article seeks to gain insights on the correlation of the development of the NCSS and the success of digital economy of the nation. NCSS of nine nations analysed based on digital economy success. The top nation of digital economy released its NCSS the latest, in 2016. NCSS is not a requirement to kick start digital economy. It is, however, essential for the continuous growth and success in digital economy.
"Case studies suggest a relationship between Asperger syndrome (AS) and computer hacking. The current study examined whether characteristics associated with AS were significantly related to hacking, cyberbullying, identity theft, and virus writing. Two hundred and ninety-six university undergraduate students completed an Internet-based anonymous survey measuring self-reported computer deviant behaviour and characteristics associated with AS (autism-spectrum quotient; AQ). Of the 296 university students, 179 (60%) engaged in some form of computer deviant behaviour, but only 2 (0.01%) yielded clinically significant scores according to the AQ. Contrary to the authors' expectations, hackers did not score higher on the AQ compared to non-computer hackers. However, virus writers, identity thieves, and cyberbullies scored higher on the AQ compared to their computer non-deviant counterparts. In addition, individuals who engaged in hacking, identity theft, cyberbullying, and virus writing scored higher on the AQ and reported poorer social skills, poorer communication, and poorer imagination compared to all other individuals engaging in computer deviant behaviours. Considerations for future research and study limitations are discussed."
The significant economic and emotional consequences of online fraud have not been equally matched by the policing response to these offenses. This paper examines constables' and sergeants' perceived preparation to respond to online fraud through a quantitative analyses of survey data collected from over 1300 officers from 35 local police agencies across England and Wales. The findings demonstrated that constables and sergeants being prepared to respond to online fraud was related to agencies having clear policies and procedures, constables having computer skills and online incident experiences, and being able to relate to fraud victims. The implications of this study for first responder training and resource development to respond to cybercrimes are considered.
This paper presents the results of a qualitative study on discussions about two major law enforcement interventions against Dark Net Market (DNM) users extracted from relevant Reddit forums. We assess the impact of Operation Hyperion and Operation Bayonet (combined with the closure of the site Hansa) by analyzing posts and comments made by users of two Reddit forums created for the discussion of Dark Net Markets. The operations are compared in terms of the size of the discussions, the consequences recorded, and the opinions shared by forum users. We find that Operation Bayonet generated a higher number of discussions on Reddit, and from the qualitative analysis of such discussions it appears that this operation also had a greater impact on the DNM ecosystem.
"In recent years, cybercrime has focused profoundly on people to bypass existing sophisticated security controls; phishing is one of the most common forms of such attacks. Phishing is an online extortion which combines social engineering tools and technical tricks designed to earn computer users' hypersensitive personally identifiable information (PII). To prevent from phishing attacks, phishing awareness needs to be considered. This research aims to highlights the problem of phishing and to examine the user's computer security behaviour in developing an anti-phishing educational framework. The paper introduces Technology Threat Avoidance Theory (TTAT): a theoretical model which is used to address various design issues and principles that were used as guidelines for structuring and presenting information."
"Purpose We live in a techno savvy era that is called as virtual connection and communication. Design/methodology/approach During this pandemic crisis, we all are dependent upon technology, internet for connecting to our families and our friends; this all is monitored by cyberlaw. Findings Today, the computer crimes are increasing at a high rate, and it should be controlled and managed to maintain the platform .Cyberspace on the other hand can be discussed as the space where all internet-related activities are taking place and cyberlaw regulates. The paper will throw light on the impact of internet on the COVID-19 pandemic. Originality/value The paper will throw light on the impact of internet on the COVID-19 pandemic."
Ransomware (malware that threatens to lock or publish victims' assets unless a ransom is paid) has become a serious security threat, targeting individual users, companies and even governments, causing significant damage, disruption and cost. Instances of ransomware have also been observed stealing private data and blackmailing their victims. Worryingly, the prevalence of Internet of Things (IoT) devices and the massive amount of personal data that they collect have opened up another avenue of attack. The main aim of this paper is to determine whether privacy invasion based ransomware would be a viable vector for attackers to use on IoT devices. The secondary aim is to identify countermeasures that can be implemented to prevent such attacks from being used. To accomplish these aims, we examined how private data accessible via IoT devices could be obtained, processed and managed by a ransomware attacker. We identified a number of data sources on IoT devices that can be used to access private data, such as audio and video feeds. We then investigated methods to interpret such data in order to blackmail the device's owner. We then produced proof of concept malware for multiple IoT devices, including an external collator that manages the valuable data collected, demonstrating that an attack could be performed at scale. This research shows that attackers can use the functionality of an infected device to invade the privacy of the device's owner, as part of a ransomware attack. We have demonstrated that, given suitable infrastructure, attackers would be able to ransom users for values higher than the cost of the compromised device, as well as heavily damage the trust in the device itself, which would cause further negative impact on the device manufacturer. Finally, we highlight the need for proactive measures to deter this style of attack by applying the suggested countermeasures.
In this research, the authors employ the framework of Routine Activities Theory (RAT) to examine how receiving phishing attempts is associated with identity theft victimization. In addition, the study assesses whether receiving phishing attempts mediates the relationships between other indicators, including routine online activities, fear of victimization, and sociodemographic characteristics and identity theft victimization. Data from the Korea Crime Victim Survey (KCVS) 2008 is analyzed and the results suggest that the respondents who have received phishing attempts are more likely to be victimized by identity theft. Moreover, education level, routine online activities and fear of identity theft victimization are positively related with identity theft victimization. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Graph theory serves as an engaging arena for the investigation of proof methods within the field of discrete mathematics, and its findings find practical utility in numerous scientific domains. Chemical graph theory is a specialized branch of mathematics that uses graphs to represent and analyze the structure and properties of chemical compounds. Topological indices are mathematical properties of graphs that play a crucial role in chemistry. They provide a unique way to connect the structural characteristics of chemical compounds to their corresponding molecular graphs. The flabellum graph Fn(k,j) is obtained with the help of k >= 2 duplicates of the cycle graph Cn with a common vertex (known as, central vertex). Then, in j of these duplicates, additional edges are added, joining the central vertex to all non-adjacent vertices. In this article, we compute different degree-based topological indices for flabellum graphs, including some well known indices, such as the Randic index, the atom bond connectivity index, the geometric-arithmetic index, and the Zagreb indices. This research provides an in-depth examination of these specific indices within the context of flabellum graphs. Moreover, the behavior of these indices is shown graphically, in terms of the parameters j,k, and n. Additionally, we have extended the concept of the first Zagreb index, to address the issue of cybercrime. This application enables us to identify criminals who exhibit higher levels of activity and engagement in multiple criminal activities when compared to their counterparts. Furthermore, we conducted a comprehensive comparative analysis of the first Zagreb index against the closeness centrality measure. This analysis sheds light on the effectiveness and relevance of the topological index in the context of cybercrime detection and network analysis.
"Individuals, shadowy criminal organizations, and nation states all currently possess the capacity to harm modern societies through computer attacks. These new and severe cyberthreats put critical information, infrastructure, and lives at risk and the threat is growing in scale and intensity with every passing day. The conventional response to such cyberthreats is self-reliance; but when self-reliance comes up short, states have turned to law for a solution. Cybercrime laws proscribe individuals from engaging in unwanted cyberactivities. Other international laws establish what states can (and cannot) do in terms of cyberwarfare. Both sets of rules work by attribution, targeting bad actors whether criminals or states-to deter cyberthreats. This Article challenges the sufficiency of existing cyberlaw and security. Law cannot regulate the authors of cyberthreats because anonymity is built into the very structure of the Internet. As a result, existing rules on cybercrime and cyberwar have little deterrent effect. They may even create new problems when attackers and victims assume that different rules apply to the same conduct. Instead of regulating bad actors, this Article proposes that states adopt a duty to assist victims of the most severe cyberthreats. A duty to assist provides victims with assistance to avoid or mitigate serious harms. At sea, anyone who hears a victim's SOS must offer whatever assistance is reasonable. An e-SOS would work in a similar way. It would require assistance for cyberthreat victims without requiring them to know who, if anyone, was threatening them. An e-SOS system could help avoid harms from existing cyberthreats and deter others. Even when cyberthreats succeed, an e-SOS could make computer systems and networks more resilient against any harm they impose. At the same time, an e-SOS would complement, rather than compete with, self-reliant measures and existing legal proscriptions against cyberthreats."
Take-down operations aim to disrupt cybercrime involving malicious domains. In the past decade, many successful take-down operations have been reported, including those against the Conficker worm, and most recently, against VPNFilter. Although it plays an important role in fighting cybercrime, the domain take-down procedure is still surprisingly opaque. There seems to be no in-depth understanding about how the take-down operation works and whether there is due diligence to ensure its security and reliability. In this paper, we report the first systematic study on domain takedown. Our study was made possible via a large collection of data, including various sinkhole feeds and blacklists, passive DNS data spanning six years, and historical WHOIS information. Over these datasets, we built a unique methodology that extensively used various reverse lookups and other data analysis techniques to address the challenges in identifying taken-down domains, sinkhole operators, and take-down durations. Applying the methodology on the data, we discovered over 620K taken-down domains and conducted a longitudinal analysis on the take-down process, thus facilitating a better understanding of the operation and its weaknesses. We found that more than 14% of domains taken-down over the past ten months have been released back to the domain market and that some of the released domains have been repurchased by the malicious actor again before being captured and seized, either by the same or different sinkholes. In addition, we showed that the misconfiguration of DNS records corresponding to the sinkholed domains allowed us to hijack a domain that was seized by the FBI. Further, we found that expired sinkholes have caused the transfer of around 30K taken-down domains whose traffic is now under the control of new owners.
Exploring the Tor network requires acquiring onion addresses, which are crucial for accessing anonymous websites. However, the Tor protocol presents a challenge, as it lacks a standard method for finding these complex links composed of either 16 or 56 base32-coded characters and featuring the unique .oniontop-level domain. This study delves into the existing literature analyzing onion services and categorizes the various strategies employed to gather their addresses. The success of each approach is measured by the number of addresses obtained, while the relevancy of the work is evaluated by comparing the number of services uncovered to Tor's official count. The results indicate that the most used techniques are Tor crawling and repositories, whereas the most effective methods are relay injection, repositories, and Tor crawling. This paper also estimates the representativeness of literature collections, revealing that most past works explored a small portion of the Tor network. The study also uncovers the limitations of onion gathering and sheds light on the challenges for future research to provide more representative datasets for dark web exploration.(c) 2023 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
Computer forensics faces a range of challenges due to the widespread use of computing technologies. Examples include the increasing volume of data and devices that need to be analysed in any single case, differing platforms, use of encryption and new technology paradigms (such as cloud computing and the Internet of Things). Automation within forensic tools exists, but only to perform very simple tasks, such as data carving and file signature analysis. Investigators are responsible for undertaking the cognitively challenging and time-consuming process of identifying relevant artefacts. Due to the volume of cyber-dependent (e.g., malware and hacking) and cyber-enabled (e.g., fraud and online harassment) crimes, this results in a large backlog of cases. With the aim of speeding up the analysis process, this paper investigates the role that unsupervised pattern recognition can have in identifying notable artefacts. A study utilising the Self-Organising Map (SOM) to automatically cluster notable artefacts was devised using a series of four cases. Several SOMs were created - a File List SOM containing the metadata of files based upon the file system, and a series of application level SOMs based upon metadata extracted from files themselves (e.g., EXIF data extracted from JPEGs and email metadata extracted from email files). A total of 275 sets of experiments were conducted to determine the viability of clustering across a range of network configurations. The results reveal that more than 93.5% of notable artefacts were grouped within the rank-five clusters in all four cases. The best performance was achieved by using a 10 x 10 SOM where all notables were clustered in a single cell with only 1.6% of the non-notable artefacts (noise) being present, highlighting that SOM-based analysis does have the potential to cluster notable versus noise files to a degree that would significantly reduce the investigation time. Whilst clustering has proven to be successful, operationalizing it is still a challenge (for example, how to identify the cluster containing the largest proportion of notables within the case). The paper continues to propose a process that capitalises upon SOM and other parameters such as the timeline to identify notable artefacts whilst minimising noise files. Overall, based solely upon unsupervised learning, the approach is able to achieve a recall rate of up to 93%. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
PurposeTechnological expansion and adoption in university libraries have precipitated cybercrimes and the need to equip library personnel with the required knowledge to combat this menace. Consequently, this study aims to examine cyber security in university libraries and its implication for Library and Information Science education. Design/methodology/approachThe study adopted descriptive research design, while questionnaire and interview were used to elicit data from library personnel and heads of library schools, respectively. A total of 134 responses were elicited through structured questionnaire (administered online due to the closure of universities) while six heads of library schools were interviewed, one from each of the six geopolitical zones in Nigeria. FindingsThe data from the questionnaire which were descriptively analysed revealed that the perceived knowledge of cyber security among the librarians was moderately low. Also, the university libraries were exposed to various cyber threats, with cyber security/guideline been one of the critical measures to combat cybercrime. Also, the result showed that librarians displayed high level of adherence to cyber ethics. However, the disposition of library management towards cyber security issues was revealed to be the main challenge to the deployment of cyber security in university libraries, follow by poor password management. Majority of the librarians possess basic knowledge of cyber security, though with serious interest to learn more about it. They were not taught cyber security in library school and they indicated enthusiasm to learn about it. The result of the interview with heads of library schools showed majority of these schools do not offer cyber security course due to dearth in skilled manpower. Originality/valueThe study presents cybercrime as a menace, if not tackled, would affect the university libraries' sustainability as information institution, compromising their ability to deliver quality services.
Due to the diffusion of mobile devices, more and more people access e-learning platforms from mobile phones. Students learn from digital books and have access to information anytime and anywhere. However, with billions of mobile users worldwide, as well as billions of under-protected Internet of Things (IoT) devices, the risk of being the target of malware, cybercrime and sophisticated attacks is high. This paper proposes and discusses a set of visualization techniques applied to a dataset generated by DREBIN, a malware detection tool that performs a static analysis on apps installed to Android devices. On the base of dataset, we applied text, tree and graph visualization techniques to identify malware patterns. The visual findings can help the cybersecurity analyst in detecting malicious app behavior.
This paper interrogates cybersecurity awareness particularly as it relates to rural communities in Sango Ota, Ogun State, Nigeria. Three communities were studied: Atun lju Ilogbo, Sango Ijoko, and Ado Odo Ota. Some of the core questions addressed include: What are the existing cybersecurity policies in Ogun State? What is the level of awareness of cybersecurity concerns among the people in the rural communities in Ota? What are the people's reactions to existing policies? How can the awareness be improved upon? Using survey and the diffusion of innovation theory, the paper argues for a reform in the methodology of dissemination of knowledge and the education of grassroots communities in relation to the demands of existing cybersecurity arrangements of the Nigerian governments.
A massive 400% increase of cyber-attacks was reported in the Marine industry since February 2020 up to date. Experiments and research are being conducted towards safeguarding data in various technological aspects of the marine environment with regards to navigation, transportation and system management. At present, generic investigation processes are developed for computer incidents and forensic readiness in this sector, but those do not describe the investigation process precisely. Although there are incident analysis technologies implemented for the Marine environment, it lacks reliable digital forensic tools for evidence extraction and analysis. Therefore, in this research, a comprehensive digital forensic investigation framework is proposed, answering the issues of existing frameworks, and a tool is implemented for the examination of navigational evidence. Forensic procedures of existing investigation methodologies were taken into consideration when developing the fusion framework. The Marine Geo Navigator was implemented with the technologies of Machine Learning and Visualization to evaluate geolocations and paths of vessels. Through expert analysis, the proposed investigation framework was verified as a suitable process to be utilized in the Marine industry and the tool was validated resulting an acceptable level of accuracy.
Never in the history of humanity, people all over the world are subject to exaction on a huge scale as they are today. In the recent years, the usage of PCs and the Internet has exploded and, along with this huge increase, cybercrooks have come to feed this souk, aiming acquitted consumers with a wide range of per-ware. Most of these threats are meant unswervingly or meanderingly in receiving currency from victims. Today, the ransomware appears to be one of the most unpleasant per-ware categories of the time. Several works have been published in the field of information and Internet security, various pernicious attacks, and cryptography. The objective of this research paper is to present everything with regard to latest crypto-virus trend known as ransomware. The paper explains the history, the modus operandi as well as the architecture of ransomware attack.
In this paper we investigate the problem of phishing. Phishing is a hybrid problem in that it involves both technical and social issues. In this paper, we also discuss the polymorphic nature of phishing attacks and how this can make defense more difficult. Despite the persistence of the phishing problem, there are ways to combat it and we discuss them in this paper. We highlight countermeasures to tackle phishing and propose suggestions to businesses in order to minimize the loss of revenue and reputation to phishing attacks. The paper discusses technical methods of defending against phishing attacks hardening the infrastructure, and training employees against phishing attacks.
"In this paper, we proposed an investigation approach to trace the source IP address hiding which use proxy servers, and reduce the steps of the classical investigation method. Furthermore, it does not need to execute search and seizure to perpetrators, but it still obtains the key digital evidences from a third party. The obtained key digital evidences have the same probative force with the classical investigation, and it can used to discover the perpetrator whether he hides his IP address and the criminal acts. In this paper, first, we proposed an approach that makes the case related people not be examined, searched and seized; second, the true criminal cannot evade punishments and trial by hiding his IP address, so the investigation procedure is hard to execute; third, the investigation approach we proposed will reduce wasting judicial resources and protect human rights effectively."
The current study aims to estimate and explain citizens' fear of identity theft victimization by examining data collected from a nationally representative sample of South Korean residents. Specifically, we compared participants' levels of fear of identity theft victimization with fear of other types of crime using paired-samples t-tests. We found that fear of identity theft victimization is significantly higher than fear of other types of crime. Drawing on routine activity theory, we explored the relationship between victimization (i.e., identity theft), online proximity to motivated offenders (i.e., phishing), online exposure to motivated offenders (e.g., online banking and shopping), target suitability (e.g., downloading pirated media), and fear of identity theft victimization. Results from ordinal logistic regression models suggest that victimization and online exposure to motivated offenders were significantly related to fear of identity theft victimization.
The whole world is experiencing a great informational change conducted by reshaping and redefining technological processes. The rapid growth of information technology (IT) has evolved security risks in all financial and non-financial sectors. This paper intends to accentuate the great exposure of financial and non-financial information in the new cybersecurity context, emphasizing the impact of IT on security threats, cyberattacks and information security. In this context, the author adopted the qualitative method, based on an empirical approach, where the examination of national and international cybersecurity threats reports has been performed. The paper brings forward a comparative synthesis of top current security threats and raises the awareness of cyber criminality by bringing to the fore security issues intending to aspire future research. This paper answers four key questions and is the first part of a large research process which the author aims to continue.
"Our world online and networked is immersed under awave of populism; populism spreads on the wings of internet. The recent technological advancements like the use of social media platforms and different applications made the information exchange faster and more efficient making the information access easier. To keep our information, gadgets such as cell phones, laptops, desktops, and tablets and also the internet safe, knowledge of cybersecurity is vital everywhere. In many colleges and Universities who are in to interconnected complex systems, data privacy is a huge challenge among their users. In most of the situations, due to lack of knowledge and awareness, users may engage in data breaches knowingly or unknowingly and the complete interconnected systems among the users may have a consequence of a cybercrime. This article seeks to unpack the rise of cyber-crimes and its relationship to cyber security among student groups during the pandemic where much of their interaction is online. The research aims to inquire in to the level of knowledge and awareness on cybersecurity among students during their online learning interaction using a well-structured questionnaire. The questionnaire will be focused on five parts: Awareness and Knowledge, Monitoring and Privilege, Security and Prevention, Protection from malware s and usage of removable Devices. The study is conducted using quantitative research methodology to quantitatively evaluate the knowledge of cybersecurity and inculcate an awareness against Cybercrime protection among the students. Finally, based on the analysis of collected data we present recommendations which will not forego the safety concerns for e mails, viruses, phishing, pop-up windows and forged ads which is a common problem. Some technological solutions and paths for the regulation of the cybercrimes are suggested to the respondents at the end."
Fake news or commonly known as a hoax has become one of the most visible cybercrime. Hoax news dissemination harms the social community, such as raising hatred towards something both individuals and groups. This paper is to classify amongst hoaxes and valid news utilizing Extreme Gradient Boosting (XGBoost) method in this research based on Indonesian news. The dataset used is Indonesian news about Indonesia itself and the world from 2015 to early 2020. The study used 500 news data including 250 valid news and 250 hoax news, divided into 80% training data and 20% test data. The result of this study shows that the machine learning model created using XGBoost has an accuracy value of 89%, with the precision value of 90% and recall value 80%.
As a new type of underground ecosystem, the exploitation of Abused IHMs as MalIcious sErvices (AIMIEs) is becoming increasingly prevalent among miscreants to host illegal images and propagate harmful content. However, there has been little effort to understand this new menace, in terms of its magnitude, impact, and techniques, not to mention any serious effort to detect vulnerable image hosting modules on a large scale. To fulfill this gap, this paper presents the first measurement study of AIMIEs. By collecting and analyzing 89 open-sourced AIMIEs, we reveal the landscape of AIMIEs, report the evolution and evasiveness of abused image hosting APIs from reputable companies such as Alibaba, Tencent, and Bytedance, and identify real-world abused images uploaded through those AIMIEs. In addition, we propose a tool, called Viola, to detect vulnerable image hosting modules (IHMs) in the wild. We find 477 vulnerable IHM upload APIs associated with 338 web services, which integrated vulnerable IHMs, and 207 victim FQDNs. The highest-ranked domain with vulnerable web service is baidu.com, followed by bilibili.com and 163.com. We have reported abused and vulnerable IHM upload APIs and received acknowledgments from 69 of them by the time of paper submission.
There are many different types of security threats to individual, business and government enterprises. Although there are efforts to ensure that technologies work to the best levels, there are still several challenges. Keeping the security of the enterprise system in view, security designers have introduced multiple security perimeters like firewalls and threat detection and response (TDR) systems. These frameworks directly contribute to detecting and defending any unwanted action into the system. The objective of this paper is to survey the role and strategies of deception in cyberattack. A detailed discussion of technologies and tools for combating unwanted adversary actions are presented.
Our motivation for this study is to provide new information to a researcher based on our field of study: Networking Systems. This is because Cyber crime is becoming very widespread and it is imperative to improve measures used to counteract such threats. There are various research gaps based on awareness of cyber security, and different methods used in enhancing and troubleshooting network security. This research area can otter many opportunities in which justice can be served, creating awareness, making cyber space a more secure area and creating a new business niche based on security. Hence, for our study on Network Security, we read through 24 research papers published between 2008 to 2014. These documents were retrieved online from CAIDA and IEEE, along with other computer journals and articles. The 24 research papers were then summarized into 7 different research gaps to help enlighten a researcher in the topic of Network Security. Therefore, researchers can then take the initiatives to come up with solutions to the issues raised in this paper.
One of the reasons for state-level intrusion may be attributed to a government ensuring the safety and security of its territory which includes cyberspace. The existing international law prohibits state-level cyber intrusion that constitutes an intervention, threat of or use of force or armed attack. International lawyers must interpret which cyber intrusion falls under international law. In the latter respect, the Tallinn Manual on the International Law applicable to Cyber Warfare is a valuable tool as it provides guidelines in such determination. The discussion will however show that establishing the type of intrusion is not easy as cognizance must be taken of the doctrinal law as outlined in the international law and interpreted by international lawyers and state practice which refers to how nation-states react to intrusion. The possibility of excessive state-level intrusion exists. Mass surveillance of other states may for example illustrate an imbalance between states as some states have the technical ability to dominate cyberspace to advance their own interests and motives. Finding legal solutions to state-level cyber intrusion under the present international law are uncertain. Cyberspace governance can only be achieved under the international law by the involvement of all states on an equal basis to ensure transparency and trust, with the latter being tenuous at present. A code of conduct for cyberspace may limit excessive state-level intrusion within the ambit of the international law. The multinational Convention on Cybercrime of 2001 should be re-evaluated to establish whether it will attain global recognition. In order to address the challenges in the short term a code of conduct in cyberspace should be negotiated, whilst a cybercrime treaty would be required to address challenges over the long term. State-level intrusion ultimately involves international politics and national foreign policy, both of which could be murky at times to negotiate.
Drive-by downloads are the preferred distribution vector for many malware families. In the drive-by ecosystem, many exploit servers run the same exploit kit and it is a challenge understanding whether the exploit server is part of a larger operation. In this paper, we propose a technique to identify exploit servers managed by the same organization. We collect over time how exploit servers are configured, which exploits they use, and what malware they distribute, grouping servers with similar configurations into operations. Our operational analysis reveals that although individual exploit servers have a median lifetime of 16 h, long-lived operations exist that operate for several months. To sustain long-lived operations, miscreants are turning to the cloud, with 60 % of the exploit servers hosted by specialized cloud hosting services. We also observe operations that distribute multiple malware families and that pay-per-install affiliate programs are managing exploit servers for their affiliates to convert traffic into installations. Furthermore, we analyze the exploit polymorphism problem, measuring the repacking rate for different exploit types. To understand how difficult is to takedown exploit servers, we analyze the abuse reporting process and issue abuse reports for 19 long-lived servers. We describe the interaction with ISPs and hosting providers and monitor the result of the report. We find that 61 % of the reports are not even acknowledged. On average, an exploit server still lives for 4.3 days after a report. Finally, we detail the Malicia dataset we have collected and are making available to other researchers.
The volume of data for cybercrime investigation keeps growing at unprecedented rates and creating a quandary for law enforcement agencies. This brings a great challenge for law enforcement agencies. It requires the sincere examination of all available data volumes at crime scene or in lab to present digital evidence in a court of law. In order to maintain the integrity and validity of digital evidence, investigators must establish a process model that can provide a quick response at scene. This paper illustrates the novel TEAR-phase application of THOR dimensions to digital forensics. It facilitates the efficiency and effectiveness of constructing a clear investigation.
Cyber crime and terrorism is an international problem which does not respect national borders. Cyber criminals operate from relatively safe territories beyond the easy reach of the law enforcement agencies of the countries in which their victims reside. Collaboration between governments, intelligence agencies and law enforcement officers is critical to prosecuting cybercrime, and new organizations have been created to enable this. However, this co-operation seems to have run into roadblocks by the leak of large scale national level data snooping secrets by whistleblower Edward Snowden. The paper attempts to derive insights from ongoing initiatives reported in open source and recommend options available to charter the path for sustainable international cooperation in evolving secure cyber infrastructure.
Online gambling has exploded into a substantial global industry over the past two decades. Despite its prosperity, online gambling is explicitly prohibited or restricted in most countries due to social problems it caused. This has given rise to black markets of illegal online gambling (IOG) which are replete with criminal potential. To help criminal investigators find key members of an IOG organization and fight against them, in this study, we propose an ensemble learning approach named EC4PRR to automatically identify the roles that IOG participants play in their ecosystem. We extract two categories of features, i.e., transaction statistical features (TSF) and network structural features (NSF), from monetary transaction data effectively represent participants. Since the number of participants in different roles is typically unbalanced, we train the classifier with a combination of under-sampling and ensemble learning strategies to reduce the impact of imbalanced training data. Experiments were carried out with real-world case data. Experimental results demonstrate the validity of the proposed features as well as the feasibility of EC4PRR. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Purpose Fraud is not a new offence. However, the recent evolution and proliferation of technologies (predominantly the internet) has seen offenders increasingly use virtual environments to target and defraud victims worldwide. Several studies have examined the ways that fraud is perpetrated with a clear demarcation between terrestrial and cyber offences. However, with moves towards the notion of a digital society and recognition that technology is increasingly embedded across all aspects of our lives, it is important to consider if there is any advantage in categorising fraud against the type of environment it is perpetrated in. This paper aims to discuss these issues. Design/methodology/approach This paper examines the perceived utility of differentiating online and offline fraud offences. It is based upon the insights of thirty-one professionals who work within the fraud justice network across London, UK and Toronto, Canada. Findings It highlights both the realities faced by professionals in seeking to ether maintain or collapse such a differentiation in their everyday jobs and the potential benefits and challenges that result. Practical implications - Overall, the paper argues that the majority of professionals did not feel a distinction was necessary and instead felt that an arbitrary divide was instead a hindrance to their activities. However, while not useful on a practical front, there was perceived benefit regarding government, funding and the media. The implications of this moving forward are considered. Originality/value This paper provides new insights into how fraud justice network professionals understand the distinction between fraud offences perpetrated across both online and offline environments.
Control over most of the world's data including national security, criminal investigations, medical secrets, intellectual property, and a host of other important rights and responsibilities is governed by a paradigm that is conducted in the Internet cloud. The Google cyber-attacks illustrate the vulnerability of information stored in the cloud, a fact that has led to increased security, online surveillance, and private sector collaboration with government agencies to prevent the increasing potential for catastrophic loss and global terrorism. In the future, more of our lives will be based in the cloud. Recently, Microsoft's CEO stated that 90 percent of Microsoft's engineers are doing things that are entirely cloud based or cloud-inspired. Enterprises using the cloud must be aware of the risks and how to prevent them before serious damage is incurred. Based on empirical research, and an analysis of international and national legal regimes, case decisions, and forensic case analysis, the paper will explore the challenges of reaching into the cloud and the proactive measures that will be necessary to improve legal certainty in the global electronic marketplace. The paper then considers the international and national frameworks necessary for control over the predators in the cloud and the nature and type of evidentiary and jurisdictional issues that may arise in courts of law and tribunals around the globe. The reality of creating legal institutions to police the cloud, establishing international legal and regulatory frameworks, codifying custom and usage, and harmonizing the laws will be examined and critically analyzed based on recent case decisions, government policies and law enforcement efforts to combat cloud crime. Alternatives will be offered including frameworks that recommend treaties, policies, guidelines and collaborations to protect the security of the cloud, while devising mechanisms to catch, punish and deter the thieves that are turning the white clouds into gray.
With the development of the Internet, network security has aroused people's attention. It can be said that a secure network environment is a basis for the rapid and sound development of the Internet. Phishing is an essential class of cybercriminals which is a malicious act of tricking users into clicking on phishing links, stealing user information, and ultimately using user data to fake logging in with related accounts to steal funds. Network security is an iterative issue of attack and defense. The methods of phishing and the technology of phishing detection are constantly being updated. Traditional methods for identifying phishing links rely on blacklists and whitelists, but this cannot identify new phishing links. Therefore, we need to solve how to predict whether a newly emerging link is a phishing website and improve the accuracy of the prediction. With the maturity of machine learning technology, prediction has become a vital ability. This paper offers a state-of-the-art survey on methods for phishing website detection. It starts with the life cycle of phishing, introduces common anti-phishing methods, mainly focuses on the method of identifying phishing links, and has an in-depth understanding of machine learning-based solutions, including data collection, feature extraction, modeling, and evaluation performance. This paper provides a detailed comparison of various solutions for phishing website detection.
"Numerous studies have been concerned with developing new authorship recognition systems to address the increasing rates of cybercrimes associated with the anonymous nature of social media platforms, which still offer the opportunity for the users not to reveal their true identities. Nevertheless, it is still challenging to identify the real authors of social media's offensive and inappropriate content. These contents are usually very short; therefore, it is challenging for stylometric authorship systems to assign controversial texts to their real authors based on the salient and distinctive linguistic features and patterns within these contents. This research introduces a new stylometric authorship system that considers both the shortness of data and the peculiar linguistic properties of Arabic. A corpus of 20, 357 tweets from 134 Twitter users. A document clustering based on Document Index Graph (DIG) model was used to classify input patterns in the tweets that shared common linguistic features. A comparative analysis using Vector Space Clustering (VSC) model based on the Bag of Words (BOW) model, conventionally used in authorship recognition applications, was used. Results indicate that the proposed system is more accurate than other standard authorship systems mainly based on vector space clustering methods. It was also clear that the model had the advantage of providing complete information about the documents and the degree of overlap between every pair of documents, which was useful in determining the similarity between documents."
The use of IT technology for the planning and implementation of illegal activities has been gaining ground in recent years. Nowadays, through the web and the social media, it is possible not only to divulge advertising for the disclosure of illicit activities, but also to take action that in the past needed to have people in place and at the moment the activity took place. In fact, this phenomenon allows criminals to be less exposed to the risk of being discovered. Furthermore, the technology tends to encourage international collaborations, which makes the process of identifying illegal activities even more complex because of the lack of adequate tools that can operate effectively by considering multi-cultural aspects. Consequently, this evolving phenomenon towards cyber-crime requires new models and analysis techniques to address these challenges. In this context, the paper proposes an approach based on a multi-language model that aims to support the identification of suspicious users on social networks. It exploits the effectiveness of web translation services along with specific stand-alone libraries for normalizing user profiles in a common language. In addition, different text analysis techniques are combined for supporting the user profiles evaluation. The proposed approach is exemplified through a case study by analyzing Twitter users profile by showing step by step the overall process and related results.
The ability to gain unauthorized access to computer systems to engage in espionage and data theft poses a massive threat to individuals worldwide. There has been minimal focus, however, on the role of malicious software, or malware, which can automate this process. This study examined the macro-correlates of malware infection at the national level by using an open repository of known malware infections and utilizing a routine activities framework. Negative inflated binomial models for counts indicated that nations with greater technological infrastructure, more political freedoms, and with less organized crime financial impact were more likely to report malware infections. The number of Computer Emergency Response Teams (CERTs) in a nation was not significantly related with reported malware infection. The implications of the study for the understanding of malware infection, routine activity theory, and target-hardening strategies are discussed.
"The article analyzes the effects of changes in keeping and accessing data from public registers because of digitalization as well as the threats related thereto. The article also discusses the definition of public register and the consequences of qualifying a specific resource as a public register. Selected problems of providing cybersecurity of registers in Poland have been analyzed; these are related to electronic access to registers, lack of interoperability or statutory indication of entities responsible for an ICT system that supports registers as well as ensuring the security of registers. According to the conducted studies, it is expedient to formulate and specify publicpublic tasks that address public registers as well as assign performance of them to specific entities. That which should positively affect the protection of public registers against cyberattacks is determining entities which are to be responsible for this as well as specifying obligations related to: preparing data model diagrams and implementing them in the data model in ICT systems; preparing, updating and developing ICT systems in which registers are maintained, rules and scope of providing access to data, securing data against loss, change, unauthorized access. The aim should also be to reduce dispersion and non standardization of regulations that adversely affect the protection level of certain data (standardization of rules and the scope of data that are to be made available to the public)."
Over the past four decades, research on hackers has widely propagated within the social sciences. Although this area of scholarship yields rich insight into the interpersonal dynamics of hackers, research on the unique ecosystems they create and inhabit is scant in comparison. The current study aims to offer a more complete assessment of hackers' ecosystems by incorporating the group affiliations which link hackers to one another. Using 12 months of archived website defacement data containing individuals' self-reported group affiliations alongside their hacking activities, the study reconstructs the social network of hacker groups over time. Findings reveal the illicit ecosystem to be loosely connected, yet densely clustered around a few central groups. The ecosystem also maintained its network features across the observation period with no sign of structural degradation. These findings corroborate extant research on the social environments of hackers, offer an innovative look into the illicit ecosystem of website defacers, and serve as a steppingstone to extend investigations of criminal behavior to the group-level.
Cyberscams, such as romance scams, are prevalent and costly online hazards in the general community. People with Acquired Brain Injury (ABI) may be particularly vulnerable and have greater difficulty recovering from the resultant emotional and financial hardships. In order to build capacity in the neurorehabilitation sector, it is necessary to determine whether clinicians currently encounter this issue and what prevention and intervention approaches have been found effective. This scoping study aimed to explore clinicians' exposure to and experiences with cyberscams in their adult clients with ABI. Method: Participants were clinicians recruited from multidisciplinary networks across Australia and New Zealand. Eligible participants (n = 101) completed an online customised survey. Results: More than half (53.46%) the participants had one or more clients affected by cyberscams, predominantly romance scams. Cognitive impairments and loneliness were reportedly associated with increased vulnerability. Cyberscams impacted treatment provision and were emotionally challenging for participants. No highly effective interventions were identified. Conclusions: These findings indicate that cyberscams are a clinical issue relevant to neurorehabilitation providers, with prevalence studies now required. The lack of effective interventions identified underscores the need for the development of evidence-based prevention and treatment approaches to ultimately help people with ABI safely participate in online life.
Cybercrime has increased considerably over the past years, emphasizing the need for efficient investigations. Currently, some tools and processes are manual and lead to long and inaccurate investigations. This report provides a descriptive review of the of published research in the field of cyber forensics, in order to identify current practices, challenges and the adoption of automation. A pragmatist approach was taken to accommodate the multitude of theories and views presented in the literature. The research illustrates how the use of technology could simplify an investigators task and solving difficulties that currently exist in cyber forensics. The paper concludes in motivating for the use of automated practices in the cyber forensic process.
Maximum research work on abusive text detection is in the English language and some of these are to detect offensive text. But in Bangla language, a few work is found. Detecting abusive text in Bangla language will be useful for preventing cybercrime such as online harassment, blackmailing and cyber bullying which are becoming the main concern in Bangladesh nowadays. Our goal is to detect abusive Bangla comments which are collected from various social sites where people share their sentiment, opinions, views etc. in this paper. We proposed a root level algorithm to detect abusive text and also proposed unigram string features to get a better result.
The current study employs group-based trajectory modeling to assess the longitudinal attack patterns of new hackers involved in website defacement. Specifically, we track the activity of 241 emergent hackers for one year following their first verified website defacement. In doing so, we find four distinct criminal trajectories: low threat (29.0%), naturally desisting (26.5%), increasingly prolific (22.3%), and persistent threat (22.1%). Hackers classified as low threats engage in few defacements, whereas persistent threats engage in high-frequency attacks. Those labeled as naturally desisting begin their careers with velocity but become less prolific with time. Conversely, those classified as increasingly prolific engage in more attacks as they advance in their criminal careers. Using a series of regression models, we find that digital artifacts and open-source intelligence are predictive of group involvement. The findings presented in this study contribute to our theoretical understanding of the developmental trajectories of hackers, while providing valuable insights in fostering targeted intervention strategies aimed at effectively mitigating and preventing cyber-attacks.
The article introduces a new meaning of the acronym M.A.D. (Mutually Assured Destruction) in the field of security. From the original connection with nuclear issues, its use is moving to the area of cyberspace. The text introduces the basic division of domains important for human activities. It explains their importance in terms of undeniable usability and availability for mankind, at the same time, it draws attention to their vulnerability and the need to ensure their protection. It deals in more details with the new fifth domain - cyberspace. In this context, security threats are mentioned and some legal aspects are indicated.
Cybercrime has become an increasing concern for consumers in the United States and internationally. In recent years, cybercrimes in the healthcare industry have drastically increased in type, impact, and frequency. These attacks have negatively impacted patient privacy, the ability of providers to deliver care, and the security of healthcare organizations. Nurses are uniquely positioned to help protect against and report cybercrimes because they are one of the largest employed populations in the healthcare industry and they are on the front line of patient care and healthcare technology use. This article discusses the main concerns of cybersecurity in healthcare, the nurse's role in preventing and managing cyber security, and recommendations for nurses, educators, and regulators.
The amazing development witnessed by the world in all fields, especially in the field of technology, the rapid spread of modern means of communication, and its exploitation of the Internet in transactions between individuals and companies, has in turn led to the emergence of new crimes that were not known before. Crimes were traditional and typical, but in this era, crimes have evolved according to the development of their means, and criminals have become They use the Internet as an arena to enforce their crimes and harm users using innovative means imposed by modern technology, which led to the creation of serious damages that did not exist before such as disclosure of trade secrets, hacking personal computers and violating the privacy of individuals. Even worse, it caused catastrophic damage, these methods used are fraudulent and difficult to detect and cause severe damage to their victims and are known as a supply chain attack and this crime is a few of the very modern crimes that threaten national security. Is national legislation really capable of confronting these modern crimes and compensating those affected by them? Are the existing rules applicable to the crime of supply chain attack? This is what we will illustrate through our research hopefully
Social engineering, or the use of deception to circumvent information security measures, has become a significant concern for organizations. Many organizations have implemented information security policies to mitigate the risks posed by social engineering attacks. This study uses a grounded theory-based approach to examine qualitative interviews with security auditors, IT security professionals, and social engineers (n = 54) to thematically catalog their insights on developing and supporting security policies. Results indicate that effective IT security policies are (1) properly communicated, (2) tested to find gaps in policy directives and their implementation, (3) buttressed by tools to facilitate good security decision-making among members, (4) written simply and concisely while being kept up-to-date, (5) supported through adequate staffing and expertise, (6) supported by organizational leadership, and (7) accompanied by an organizational structure which allows for policy to be overseen and implemented consistently.
This study aims at knowing both the level of information security awareness in the use of social media among female secondary school students in Makkah Al-Mukarramah, and the procedures that students follow when exposed to hacking or other security problems. The study relied on the descriptive survey approach. The results showed a high percentage of social media use among the study sample, and the most used applications by the students are snapchat and Instagram applications successively. In fact, 48% of the study sample have awareness of information security, the majority of the students memorize the password in the devices, most of them do not change them, and they have knowledge of fake gates and social engineering. However, their knowledge of electronic hacking is weak, and students do not share passwords with anyone at a rate of 67%. At the same time, they do not update passwords. Moreover, most of the procedures followed by students when exposed to theft and hacking is to change the e-mail data and the password, and the results varied apart from that, which reflects the weak awareness of the students and the weakness of procedures related to information security. The study recommends the necessity to raise awareness and education of the importance of information security and safety, especially in light of what the world faces from data electronic attacks and hackings of electronic applications.
The rapid increase in the use of cloud computing has led it to become a new arena for cybercrime. Since cloud environments are, to some extent, a new field for digital forensics, a number of technical, legal and organisational challenges have been raised. Although security and digital forensics share the same concerns, when an attack occurs, the fields of security and digital forensics are considered different disciplines. This paper argues that cloud security and digital forensics in cloud environments are converging fields. As a result, unifying security and forensics by being forensically ready and including digital forensics aspects in security mechanisms would enhance the security level in cloud computing, increase forensic capabilities and prepare organizations for any potential attack.
Contemporary computer and networking technologies have expanded the scope and scale of deceptions worldwide. Among hackers, security practitioners, and other technologists, ruses designed to gain access to otherwise secure information or computer systems are often referred to as social engineering. To date, little research has explored the creation of fabrications from the perspective of social engineers. The current study addresses this gap by examining the attributes that social engineers ascribe to successful and effective social engineering deceptions through a grounded theory analysis of interviews with social engineers (n = 37). Results reveal twelve characteristics of effective social engineers according to participants-findings which indicate that perpetrators consider social context, assumptions about human nature, the complexities of social networks, the role of social conventions, and the limitations of human processing and reasoning in the execution of their deceptions. The study concludes by considering the theoretical implications of the results and advancing propositions to guide future criminological research on social engineering, fraud, and deception more generally.
"Among the most treasured characteristics of the Internet is arguably its default technical architecture that facilitates online anonymity. This feature is most commonly cherished by Internet users as they are empowered to publish online content anonymously; or in the alternative to conceal their true identities behind fictitious names (pseudonyms). Anonymity is believed to have bolstered freedom of speech as any speakers could freely express their ideas or personal views in the cyber world without the fear of being identified and retaliated. Unfortunately, anonymity poses new challenges to law enforcement agencies as well as victims of cyber-crimes as they would find it difficult to trace and identify the culprits. For that reason, the Malaysian legislature has in 2012 passed a new law, section 114A of the Evidence Act 1950 that has the effect of shifting the burden of proof on the alleged offenders to prove his innocence. The passing of this controversial provision has led to heated debates between the government and human right defenders on the ground that such law seems to be very oppressive and could be easily manipulated by prosecutors in criminal cases as well as claimants in civil suits. By referring to reported cases and judicial decisions, this paper attempts to scrutinize in details section 114A of the Evidence Act 1950 and its implications on the legal system in the country; and ultimately to lend some assistance in unravelling the dispute between the proponents and opponents of the new law."
Cryptomarkets are online marketplaces that are part of the Dark Web and mainly devoted to the sale of illicit drugs. They combine tools to ensure anonymity of participants with the delivery of products by mail to enable the development of illicit drug trafficking. Using data collected on eight cryptomarkets, this study provides an overview of the Canadian illicit drug market. It seeks to inform about the most prevalent illicit drugs vendors offer for sale and preferred destination countries. Moreover, the research gives an insight into the structure and organisation of distribution networks existing online. In particular, we provide information about how vendors are diversifying and replicating across marketplaces. We inform on the number of listings each vendor manages, the number of cryptomarkets they are active on and the products they offer. This research demonstrates the importance of online marketplaces in the context of illicit drug trafficking. It shows how the analysis of data available online may elicit knowledge on criminal activities. Such knowledge is mandatory to design efficient policy for monitoring or repressive purposes against anonymous marketplaces. Nevertheless, trafficking on Dark Net markets is difficult to analyse based only on digital data. A more holistic approach for investigating this crime problem should be developed. This should rely on a combined use and interpretation of digital and physical data within a single collaborative intelligence model. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Phishing refers to cybercrime that use social engineering and technical subterfuge techniques to fool online users into revealing sensitive information such as username, password, bank account number or social security number. In this paper, we propose a novel solution to defend zero-day phishing attacks. Our proposed approach is a combination of whitelist and visual similarity based techniques. We use computer vision technique called SURF detector to extract discriminative key point features from both suspicious and targeted websites. Then they are used for computing similarity degree between the legitimate and suspicious pages. Our proposed solution is efficient, covers a wide range of websites phishing attacks and results in less false positive rate.
The emergence of threats of attacks in cyberspace requires from all governmental or non-governmental security measures and protection of critical infrastructures are vulnerable to these means. Therefore to find solutions, including training and education of computer users in the XXI century is imminent. E-Learning is required to be developed and generalized to all computer users a new security culture and a new e-cyber security competence. Why is needed to develop a new e-cyber security competence because, in 2014 we are talking about e-crime, e-terrorism or e-war in cyberspace. E-cyber security culture must include training/awareness/education organizational competence users (be they experts, business people or simply beneficiaries ICT) data protection, proper use of procedures for the use of cyberspace. In other words it is about the formation of ethical and moral skills that enable citizens, according to their aspirations and belonging to a modern and civilized society. The problem to be addressed in other areas such as economic security, social, food, environmental, industrial, military, etc. Today, the cyberspace identified four major threats: spam unsolicited e-mail messages that users upload mailboxes worldwide, bugs undiscovered software errors that lead to data corruption and security vulnerabilities, attacks type denial of services users are deprived of resources and services (personal 1-1DD or the entire network bandwidth) and malicious software - viruses, worms, trojans and spyware programmes. Therefore e-Learning could be a good option in order to develop new cyber security skills of the users in a variety of ways and new e-Learning technologies could be integrated into the mainstream of education and training programmes.
Healthcare organizations are a popular target for cybercrime due to its critical and vulnerable infrastructure. The IT threat detection system (ITDS), described in this work, is an intelligent system that improves the incident detection by providing network monitoring and intrusion detection by means of a machine learning approach. Different machine learning techniques were studied in public datasets, and then fine-tuned with healthcare data. Thus, the main contribution of this work is a plug and play toolkit built for hospitals and which allow them to detect security events. Another relevant outcome of this work is a real hospital ecosystem that allows the simulation and test of security tools in a hospital environment without sacrificing its availability.
In light of the rapid development of technology and the increase in the number of users of the Internet via computers and smart devices, cybercrimes impact on enterprises, organizations, governments and individuals has been significant. Researches and reports on the impact of cybercrime and methods of prevention and protection are been introduced regularly. However, the majority focuses on the impact on organizations and governments. This paper aims to use a survey methodology in order to highlights the impact of cybercrimes on the individuals in Saudi Arabia and measure the awareness of cybersecurity among individuals. In addition, this research aims to investigate the common cybercrimes which target the individuals in Saudi Arabia and the countermeasure taken by them.
The rapid increase of Internet access and use of smart digital technologies create new attack techniques for cybercrime to ordinary users and organizations. Malware is one of the most dangerous security threats in Internet today. In order to deal with the malware attack, new techniques have been developed to detect malware from our computer systems. In this paper, we first present an overview of the different types of malware programs used by the hackers to penetrate into computer systems and mobile phones for destroying, changing or stealing personal information from ordinary users. We then present an in-depth analysis and comparison of most recently proposed malware detection techniques based on deep learning in order to ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of users data.
In this globalization era, cybercrime has been entering every aspect through internet network. The development of Intrusion Detection System (IDS) is being studied deeply to solve the problem. There are several classifier algorithms for Intrusion Detection System such as Support Vector Machine (SVM) and Fuzzy C-Means (FCM). In this study, we will compare proposed model using both Support Vector Machine and Fuzzy C-Means to find a better result that increase accuracy of the network attacks. KDD Cup 1999 will be used to evaluate which algorithms work best. The results are very encouraging and show that SVM and FCM can be a useful tool for intrusion detection system. We found that SVM achieved 94.43% average accuracy rate while FCM achieved 95.09% average accuracy rate.
"The current global pandemic occasioned by the SARS-CoV-2 virus has been attributed, partially, to the growing range of cyber vises within the cyber ecosystem. One area of such impact is the increasing tendencies of cyber-bullying among students. Cyberbullying -the act of subjugating others using a cyber platform- is a growing concern among educators, especially in High-Schools. Whilst studies have been carried out towards understanding this menace, the approach towards identifying indicators of cyberbullying is largely missing in the literature. To address this research gap, this study proposed a cyberbullying framework based on the identification of some observable behavioral indicators. Using a self-administered measurement instrument from 30-respondents, the study observed the probability of a cyberbully construct, as a potential measure of the presence of cyberbullying; a probability that has been largely ignored in extant literature. This observation presents a veritable tool for the development of an active and integrated learning platform void of abuse among students. Furthermore, within the cyber education ecosystem, a cyberbullying construct would provide a mechanism for the development of an appropriate online learning platform, which would be useful to the information system and cyber education research communities."
Private organizations suffer great losses due to cybersecurity incidents, and they invest increasing resources to prevent attacks, but little is known about the effectiveness of cybersecurity measures for prevention. Based on the framework of Routine Activity Theory, this paper analyzes the impact of companies' online activities and cybersecurity measures on victimization. Our analysis of the UK Cybersecurity Breaches Survey shows that the most promising ways to minimize cyber-attacks and their impacts is to invest in in-house cybersecurity human resources and enhance the employees' online self-protection by providing cybersecurity training, rather than just basic software protection and guidance about strong passwords.
The smart devices have been used in the most major domain like the healthcare, transportation, smart home, smart city and more. However, this technology has been exposed to many vulnerabilities, which may lead to cybercrime through the devices. With the IoT constraints and low-security mechanisms applied, the device could be easily been attacked, treated and exploited by cyber criminals where the smart devices could provide wrong data where it can lead to wrong interpretation and actuation to the legitimate users. To comply with the IoT characteristics, two approaches towards of having the investigation for IoT forensic is proposed by emphasizing the pre-investigation phase and implementing the real-time investigation to ensure the data and potential evidence is collected and preserved throughout the investigation.
Due to recent arise of cybercrime, importance of cyher security is highlighted more than ever. NIST has created Cryptographic Module Validation Program, namely CMVP, to validate security level of cryptographic modules for the United States Federal agencies: indeed, many are achieving the validation. According to the program, operating environments for any specific cryptographic module are fixed. In other words, running validated module in other software environment is strictly prohibited. However, this paper asserts that it is possible for a C based module to operate in Java environment without loss of validation as long as the module is running on a verified environment. We expect this paper to help saving great amount of time and costs for developing another cryptographic module for the same operating purpose.
Advances in technology have led to the transformation of societies, cultures, behaviours, economy and security. In this regard, the internet and its diverse applications provide a vital means of recruitment, propaganda and financing for terrorist organisations. In this chapter, the financial activities of terrorists and the opportunities emerging in the online environment are examined, and the question of how the internet is used as a medium for funding terrorism is answered. The main argument is that terrorists, similar to criminals, are using opportunities provided by the internet effectively and creatively for meeting part of their financial requirements.
Digital evidence has a different meaning from physical evidence, but even though it is different, both are a unity of evidence that supports each other in the investigation process. Unfortunately, laws and regulations generally have not been oriented to the terminology of digital evidence that should be. It becomes a research challenge in how the handling of digital evidence also gets the same treatment as physical evidence. For this reason, technical studies are needed to support the application of law and regulations for digital evidence handling. This article provides a solution in the form of digital evidence cabinets as a framework to support the centralization of digital evidence that following the applicable regulations of procedures for the management of evidence in the territory of Indonesia. This concept can translate the centralization of digital evidence through the analogy of physical cabinet and the interpretation of cabinet, rack, bags, and evidence unit with types of criminals, list of crimes, list of crime scenes and list of digital evidence at one crime scene.
"Currently, numerous types of cybercrime are organized through the internet. Hence, this study mainly focuses on phishing attacks. Although phishing was first used in 1996, it has become the most severe and dangerous cybercrime on the internet. Phishing utilizes email distortion as its underlying mechanism for tricky correspondences, followed by mock sites, to obtain the required data from people in question. Different studies have presented their work on the precaution, identification, and knowledge of phishing attacks; however, there is currently no complete and proper solution for frustrating them. Therefore, machine learning plays a vital role in defending against cybercrimes involving phishing attacks. The proposed study is based on the phishing URL-based dataset extracted from the famous dataset repository, which consists of phishing and legitimate URL attributes collected from 11000+ website datasets in vector form. After preprocessing, many machine learning algorithms have been applied and designed to prevent phishing URLs and provide protection to the user. This study uses machine learning models such as decision tree (DT), linear regression (LR), random forest (RF), naive Bayes (NB), gradient boosting classifier (GBM), K-neighbors classifier (KNN), support vector classifier (SVC), and proposed hybrid LSD model, which is a combination of logistic regression, support vector machine, and decision tree (LR+SVC+DT) with soft and hard voting, to defend against phishing attacks with high accuracy and efficiency. The canopy feature selection technique with cross fold valoidation and Grid Search Hyperparameter Optimization techniques are used with proposed LSD model. Furthermore, to evaluate the proposed approach, different evaluation parameters were adopted, such as the precision, accuracy, recall, F1-score, and specificity, to illustrate the effects and efficiency of the models. The results of the comparative analyses demonstrate that the proposed approach outperforms the other models and achieves the best results."
The recent surge of Ethereum in prominence has made it an attractive target for various kinds of crypto crimes. Phishing scams, for example, are an increasingly prevalent cybercrime in which malicious users attempt to steal funds from a user's crypto wallet. This research investigates the effects of network architectural features as well as the temporal aspects of user activities on the performance of detecting phishing users on the Ethereum transaction network. We employ traditional machine learning algorithms to evaluate our model on real-world Ethereum transaction data. The experimental results demonstrate that our proposed features identify phishing accounts efficiently and outperform the baseline models by 4% in Recall and 5% in F1-score.
In this work, on the basis of a brief analysis of the fundamental factors of the evolution of criminal manifestations in the digital space, measures to leveling the consequences of cybercrime are considered. The research focuses on a certain disproportionate disconnecting of counteraction to digital crime at the international and national levels. The authors attempted to integrate the definition of digital neglect into the information and communication use in order to explain the processes occurring in the digital environment, including indirectly generated by the actions of digital criminals. The problem of a psychological nature is analyzed - immersion into a digital environment, which is a catalyst of the denial of traditional culture and values, destructive disharmony of personality and society.
The expansion and democratization of the digital world coupled with the effect of the Internet globalization, has allowed individuals, countries, states and companies to interconnect and interact at incidence levels never previously imagined. Cybercrime, in turn, is unfortunately one the negative aspects of this rapid global interconnection expansion. We often find malicious individuals and/or groups aiming to undermine the integrity of Information Systems for either financial gain or to serve a cause. Our study investigates and proposes a hybrid data mining methodology in order to detect abnormal behavior that could potentially threaten the security of an Information System, in a simple way that is understandable to all involved parties, whether they are security experts or standard users.
With the development of network, web forensics is becoming more and more important due to the rampant cybercrime. In this paper, a forensics method of web browsing behavior based on association rule mining is presented. The method aims at providing the necessary data support to build the behavior pattern library for investigation. The records of the user's browsing history are collected to be analyzed. The obtained original data are pretreated to transactional data which are suitable for association rule mining. Frequent browsing time and frequent web browsing sequences are obtained from the transactional data by Apriori algorithm. The mining results are helpful for identification and recognition of anonymous or suspicious web browsing behavior patterns.
The use of the internet has become a basic need for many across the globe. The situation is very much the same for the youth in many countries like Saudi Arabia who have grown up surrounded and accessing the internet. This demographic, however, is at an increased risk of falling as victims to cybercrime because of a low level of technical awareness. This review looks at the level of technical awareness of internet use in 3 different countries which include the USA, South Africa, and New Zealand. The review will compare the situation in these nations with those in KSA. Based on the review and comparisons, recommendations are made for culturally and socially acceptable e-Safety awareness of Saudi youths.
Cloud storage services are subject to exploitation by cyber offenders for criminal purposes. It will enhance the challenge of collecting and analyzing digital evidence in cybercrime investigation. This study covers general theories of computer forensics and surveys the cloud storage forensics of file metadata. This study evaluates the correction and effectiveness of date-time stamps, and presents a novel collection evidence framework, which is based on ISO/IEC 27037:2012 standard. This novel framework represents an essential contribution toward cloud storage forensics, and helps us discover further knowledge or information to improve the correction and effectiveness on date-time stamps in a cloud storage device. As a result, our work will help computer forensic examiners evaluate evidence with confidence in the cloud age.
Online social networking platforms have become a common choice for people to communicate with friends, relatives, or business partners. This allows sharing life achievement, success, and much more. In parallel, it also invited hidden issues such as web-spamming, cyberbullying, cybercrime, and others. This paper addresses the issue of cyberbullying using an ensemble machine learning model. The complete experiment works in two phases: firstly, k-nearest neighbour, logistic regression and, decision tree classifiers are used to detect the bullying post. Secondly, the prediction outcomes of these classifiers are passed to a voting-based ensemble learning model for the predictions. The experimental outcomes confirmed that the ensemble model is detecting bullying posts with good accuracy.
Smart televisions have become the standard for televisions. These devices are fully functioning computers. Smart TV's can be the target of cybercrimes such as computer viruses, ransomware, and remote access Trojans. It is also possible for a smart TV to the source of a cybercrime, or a repository of evidence in a crime, including images and videos. Therefore, there is a need for a methodology for conducting smart TV forensics. This paper presents a method that is forensically sound, and readily actionable by a wide range of forensic examiners. The method presented here does not require specialized equipment, nor extensive engineering training. Furthermore, the current study proposes both a primary and alternative method.
Connected machines become more vulnerable to malware infections which potentially cause them to be controlled as part of a botnet for cybercrime activities. Prompt detection of infected machines is required for protecting local networks and infrastructure as well as reducing the impact of botnets. In this paper, we propose the use of machine learning techniques involving multi-layer perceptrons and decision trees on network traffic analysis for the detection of botnet traffic. We enhance components of an existing detection framework with these techniques to automate its processes and improve performance at the same time. Our experiments indicate that the modifications successfully improved the overall performance of botnet traffic detection in both supervised and semi-supervised manners.
In the modern world, cyber societies are full of complications. The Internet has brought so many convenient services to our society but Internet is also a mine field. Mass surveillance from smart phone to PC, from automated car to smart television, any online device seems could be turn to privacy breach toolkit. In order to follow the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), protect privacy data, including PII (Personally Identifiable Information), against Cyberstalking and many other cybercrime challenges, a novel Digital Forensics Model served for Smart City Automated Vehicles has been developed working on investigating AAV (Autonomous Automated Vehicle) cases. The proposed development is reported to Big Data 2017. Here, we report the update for discussions.
This article intends to describe the implementation of e-government in recent era in managing public services and early problem preventions as part of political affairs. Recently, there have been two most advanced countries in e-government service namely South Korea as the first rank and Singapore as the tenth world rank. For the contribution to my own country, I would like to write this article based on Indonesia's figure of e-government compare to Singapore as the neighbour and the tenth world e-government rank based on rights to information access. Thus the discussion will include human rights and the rights concept to information access, e-government conception, e-government in Singapore and Indonesia, personal privileges security, the impacts of e-government, cybercrime and law enforcement.
Comprehensive digitization leads to new challenges because of cybercrime and related security counter-measures. There is no doubt that this will fundamentally affect our lives and is leading to an increase in the importance of information security (IS). However, technology solutions alone are not sufficient to ensure IS countermeasures. The human side of security is important to protect organizational assets like user information and systems. The paper illustrates these relationships in terms of information security awareness (ISA), examining its goals and the factors influencing it through the systematic analysis and review of scientific literature and the transfer of scientific knowledge for practical purposes. We reviewed the publications of leading academic journals in the field of IS over the past decade.
To design preventive policy measures for email phishing, it is helpful to be aware of the phishing schemes and trends that are currently applied. How phishing schemes and patterns emerge and adapt is an ongoing field of study. Existing phishing works already reveal a rich set of phishing schemes, patterns, and trends that provide insight into the mechanisms used. However, there seems to be limited knowledge about how email phishing is affected in periods of social disturbance, such as COVID-19 in which phishing numbers have quadrupled. Therefore, we investigate how the COVID-19 pandemic influences the phishing emails sent during the first year of the pandemic. The email content (header data and html body, excl. attachments) is evaluated to assess how the pandemic influences the topics of phishing emails over time (peaks and trends), whether email campaigns correlate with momentous events and trends of the COVID-19 pandemic, and what hidden content revealed. This is studied through an in-depth analysis of the body of 50 0.0 0 0 phishing emails addressed to Dutch registered top-level domains collected during the start of the pandemic. The study reveals that most COVID-19 related phishing emails follow known patterns indicating that perpetrators are more likely to adapt than to reinvent their schemes.(c) 2023 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC BY license ( http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ )
Cybersecurity incidents have been growing in number with high severity. To response to the Cybersecurity incidents, the attacked organizations generally execute predetermined procedures and then apply digital forensics to recover and investigate material on digital media and networks. The digital forensics procedure composes of four important processes including identification, preservation, analysis, and presentation of digital evidence which is legally admitted in any legal proceedings. This paper is aimed to study effecting factors on selecting methods of digital forensics according to standards and international practices from reliable international organizations. The paper demonstrated internal and external organization factors that used for determining the digital forensic methods to conform to enforced laws or principal rules in the organizations. Additionally, it revealed viewpoints from information security professionals to determine standards and international practices for digital forensics to apply in an organization. The study pointed out that factors relating to law and regulations was the most significant factor that most of organizations (67%) used to determine international approach or standards for digital forensic. This made the standards of NIST more reliable, and it has been adopted by most organizations for digital forensic. This research can be further applied to develop the methods for digital forensics in near future.
A growing number of studies show that the advent of the Internet has transformed the organisational life of crime, with many academic and non-academic articles and reports describing various types of organisational structures involved in cybercrimes as organised crime. Other researchers are more critical in applying the organised crime label to cybercrimes. These debates are not merely speculative and scholastic but have a real practical significance, as over-estimating organised crime involvement can attract more resources (which might end up being allocated in a less efficient way), additional legal powers, and support from the general public. This study aims to further this path of inquiry by investigating whether the advancement of the cyber-organised crime narrative in the UK can be identified also in the media discourse. More specifically, this study will analyse UK press to explore to what extent moral panic can be identified, how primary definers use particular tactics and rhetorical constructions, and what are the dominant consequences.
Digital technology for transferring and controlling data has made substantial advances in recent years. It is important to protect innovations and to curb the copyright infringements in computer-based systems. Copyright is a legal framework of basic rights, allowing the owner to control or permit someone else to reproduce copyrighted works with commercial value. in recent decades, copyright violations have been moving into the criminal realm. This paper focuses on the procedure guidance of a fictitious P2P model, and discusses whether it contributes to the crime of copyright infringement in dealing with the distribution of digital content. From the perspective of internet forensics, the action research and the whole control mechanism, it is shown that a commercial server has full control over the P2P model. (C) 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Social networking sites (SNSs) can provide cybercriminals with various opportunities, including gathering of user data and login credentials to enable fraud, and directing of users toward online locations that may install malware onto their devices. The techniques employed by such cybercriminals can include clickbait (text or video), advertisement of nonexistent but potentially desirable products, and hoax competitions/giveaways. This study aimed to identify risk factors associated with falling victim to these malicious techniques. An online survey was completed by 295 Malaysian undergraduate students, finding that more than one-third had fallen victim to SNS scams. Logistic regression analysis identified several victimization risk factors including having higher scores in impulsivity (specifically cognitive complexity), using fewer devices for SNSs, and having been on an SNS for a longer duration. No reliable model was found for vulnerability to hoax valuable gift giveaways and friend view application advertising specifically, but vulnerability to video clickbait was predicted by lower extraversion scores, higher levels of openness to experience, using fewer devices, and being on an SNS for a longer duration. Other personality traits were not associated with either overall victimization susceptibility or increased risk of falling victim to the specific techniques. However, age approached significance within both the video clickbait and overall victimization models. These findings suggest that routine activity theory may be particularly beneficial in understanding and preventing SNSs scam victimization.
Advance fee fraud is a significant component of online criminal activity. Fraudsters can often make off with significant sums, and victims will usually find themselves plagued by follow-up scams. Previous studies of how fraudsters persuade their victims have been limited to the initial solicitation emails sent to a broad population of email users. In this paper, we use the lens of scam-baiting - a vigilante activity whereby members of the public intentionally waste the time of fraudsters - to move beyond this first contact and examine the persuasive tactics employed by a fraudster once their victim has responded to a scam. We find linguistic patterns in scammer and baiter communications that suggest that the mode of persuasion used by scammers shifts over a conversation, and describe a corresponding stage model of scammer persuasion strategy. We design and evaluate a number of classifiers for identifying scam-baiting conversations amidst regular email, and for separating scammer from baiter messages based on their textual content, achieving high classification accuracy for both tasks. This forms a crucial basis for automated intervention, with a tool for identifying victims and a model for understanding how they are currently being exploited.
Phishing is a form of cybercrime where an attacker imitates a real person / institution by promoting them as an official person or entity through e-mail or other communication mediums. In this type of cyber attack, the attacker sends malicious links or attachments through phishing e-mails that can perform various functions, including capturing the login credentials or account information of the victim. These e-mails harm victims because of money loss and identity theft. In this study, a software called Anti Phishing Simulator was developed, giving information about the detection problem of phishing and how to detect phishing emails. With this software, phishing and spam mails are detected by examining mail contents. Classification of spam words added to the database by Bayesian algorithm is provided.
Computing technology is becoming more prolific in of user adoption and advancement of technology. We are finding new ways of automation and capturing information. Information as they say is power and power is money. Hence, powerful rich targets are bound to be attractive to many hackers. The rise in cybercrime and the ransom attack of the Southern US gas pipeline highlight the need for securing our computer and network systems. One security method employed by Information Systems Security professionals is hacking networks with penetration testing tools. This paper reviews and analyzes 18 different tools covering 6 different areas. The analysis ends with a discussion of how businesses and security professionals can use these tools to help prevent attacks, maintain the integrity of the organization's cyber space, and keep costs down.
Technical Support Scam (TSS) is a cybercrime that not only elicits the trust of a user but swindles their property. To detect TSS attacks in malicious samples, an intelligent TSS-aware system, called the AI@TSS system, was proposed in the study. The proposed AI@TSS system was built by the LightGBM algorithm with different kinds of features. In the study, 8263 malicious web page samples and 8263 TSS web page samples were collected and 42 features are defined for modeling the AI@TSS system. The performance analysis results demonstrate that the AI@TSS system reaches the accuracy and precision of 98% and 100%, respectively. The comparison shows superior to the existing detection methods, with 2.16% and 3.48% improvement in accuracy and precision.
The impact of cyber-crime has necessitated intelligence and law enforcement agencies across the world to tackle cyber threats. All sectors are now facing similar dilemmas of how to best mitigate against cyber-crime and how to promote security effectively to people and organizations. Extracting unique and high value intelligence by harvesting public records to create a comprehensive profile of certain targets is emerging rapidly as an important means for the intelligence community. As the amount of available open sources rapidly increases, countering cyber-crime increasingly depends upon advanced software tools and techniques to collect and process the information in an effective and efficient manner. This chapter reviews current efforts of employing open source data for cyber-criminal investigations developing an integrative OSINT Cybercrime Investigation Framework.
Hari Kunzru's 2004 novel Transmission offers an important imaging of the hacker as a troubling figure within the global polity: its principal character is a migrant hacker who tests and resists the protocols of national and multilateral organizations which seek to regulate cybercrime, but here technology is seen to effect a reassertion of space and identity as much as it allows new forms of transnational movement. Drawing in particular on Castells' The Internet Galaxy, Parikka's Digital Contagions, and Wark's A Hacker Manifesto (as well as work on the wider social, historical, and legal context of cybercriminality), this article considers the ways in which hacking acts against neoliberal narratives of global inclusion and points instead to an alternative politics of social intervention.
The expansion of the information society has brought with it a revolution in the use of Information Communication Technology (ICT). In South Africa, the adoption of various digital devices and technologies has introduced conveniences but at the same time it also opens up the door for various cybercrime attackers. This digital paradox demonstrates that ICT has tremendous capabilities for the rapid provision of services but at the same time can be exploited by malicious cybercriminals. It is vital that organisations and individuals not overlook the strong imperative for cybersecurity. In an interconnected world, cybersecurity and cybercrime go hand in hand. With cyber-attacks and data breaches are on the rise organisations need to be constantly adapting their security measures and preparing for cyber threats. At the end of 2017, a survey was carried out on the state of cyber readiness levels across various sectors in South Africa. The aim of the survey was to identify the current security posture in organisations and ascertain where the gaps were in order to respond to developing cyber threats. Cybersecurity needs to be viewed from various dimensions and thus the survey focused on the status of cybersecurity plans, strategies, governance, standards, Computer Security Incident Response Team (CSIRT) membership, awareness programs, vulnerability and risk assessments as well as incident management capabilities. This paper presents the results of the survey which are further analysed in order to contextualise critical findings and recommendations. The survey provided important insights into cyber readiness in South Africa. In this paper the results are placed in context of global trends in order to determine key areas that require attention. It is important to identify how organisations in South Africa should be dealing with disaster recovery planning and how to remain operational when faced with system interruptions and interferences. Contextualising the cyber readiness levels helps asses the latest threat landscape, as well as develop strategies to mitigate these cyber risks.
"The problems of safeguarding cybersecurity have gotten much worse in recent years. The risks in cybersecurity are increasing rapidly in our country. Because the cybersecurity defenses and computer crime investigation systems of our government and businesses have been threatened, the damage of cybercrime for national security and public security will become more critical, even more than violent crime and economic crime. The national cyber forensics mechanism and laboratory will play a crucial role in dealing with cybercrime. In 2003, our government conducted a research of digital evidence, the standard procedure of the operations and cyber forensic laboratory. It included the organization, training, technical capability, legislation, and operation procedures. In 2004, our government made a policy to build the first nationwide cyber security and forensic laboratory. It will be one of the major cybersecurity defense mechanisms in Taiwan. Our bureau (MJIB) made a plan and got the additional budget to build a cyber forensic lab this year [1]. This study has four aspects: 1) The study of reliable cyber forensic software and hardware; 2) The standard of the operating procedures of cyber forensics; 3) Training courses for the examiner, including an internationally well-known certification system in cyber forensics; and 4) The study of certification for the cyber forensic laboratory. Cyber forensics is still in its early stages in Taiwan. More professional cyber forensic manpower is needed, as well as a certified cyber forensic mechanism. It is expected that cyber forensics will become increasingly important for cybersecurity policy [1] and management in the future. Hence, building a certificated laboratory and establishing the SOP of cyber forensics from this study can be the basis to cultivate cyber forensic capabilities in our country. In this way, law enforcement will get more help from our laboratory. The laboratory, through its operation, also enhances the ability of Taiwan's cyber forensic professionals and provides more convincing digital evidence in court. Furthermore, it can consolidate cybersecurity systems and the e-Taiwan environment."
Fake news has been the focus of debate, especially since the election of Donald Trump (2016), and remains a topic of concern in democratic countries worldwide, given (a) their threat to democratic systems and (b) the difficulty in detecting them. Despite the deployment of sophisticated computational systems to identify fake news, as well as the streamlining of fact-checking methods, appropriate fake news detection mechanisms have not yet been found. In fact, technological approaches are likely to be inefficient, given that fake news are based mostly on partisanship and identity politics, and not necessarily on outright deception. However, as disinformation is inherently expressed linguistically, this is a privileged room for forensic linguistic analysis. This article builds upon a forensic linguistic analysis of fake news pieces published in English and in Portuguese, which were collected since 2019 from acknowledged fake news outlets. The preliminary empirical analysis reveals that fake news pieces employ particular linguistic features, e.g. at the levels of typography, orthography and spelling, and morphosyntax. The systematic identification of these features, which will allow mapping linguistic resources and patterns used in those contexts, contributes to scholarship, not only by enabling a streamlined development of computational detection systems, but more importantly by permitting the forensic linguistics expert to assist criminal investigations and give evidence in court.
External biometrics such as thumbprint and facial recognition have become standard tools for securing our digital devices and protecting our data. These systems, however, are potentially prone to copying and cybercrime access. Researchers have therefore explored internal biometrics, such as the electrical patterns within an electrocardiogram (ECG). The heart's electrical signals carry sufficient distinctiveness to allow the ECG to be used as an internal biometric for user authentication and identification. Using the ECG in this way has many potential advantages and limitations. This article reviews the history of ECG biometrics and explores some of the technical and security considerations. It also explores current and future uses of the ECG as an internal biometric.
Identity theft continues to grow in prevalence and complexity. Despite this growth, little is known about the identity theft response system and how it assists victims to recover. This study examines the response system by analysing 211 identity theft cases reported to IDCARE, a national identity and cybercrime victim support service. The study applies a sociotechnical systems methodology to establish the social, task and information processes of the Australian identity theft response system. The study also examines identity theft victims' response activities and needs over a 12 -month period. The identity theft response system is almost entirely dependent on the victim to respond to and limit the harm caused by identity theft. Overall, the response system is disjointed and lacking in coordination.
Online hacking forums have been used as communities where users, possibly cybercriminals, can learn and exchange knowledge, and purchase the necessary tools and information to commit various offences such as hacking, credit card/identity fraud, money laundering, and even cyberattacks on infrastructure. Monitoring these forums and identifying key players are important when investigating emergent threats and developing efficient disruption strategies. Literature shows the lack of studies regarding users' cross-forum activity. This paper presents an analysis of forum users' cross-posting in three hacking forums including user overlap among different hacking communities/forums and identify user roles based on the type of posts and their frequencies. This allows us to assess the impact of users and forums in terms of cybercrime victimization.
The number of cybercrime involving digital evidence will continue to increase as Internet become more intertwined in society. As criminals deny committing crime, Law Enforcement Agencies (LEAs) are hindered by the limited processing capabilities of human analysis. This paper presents a practical digital forensics framework of exploring ISO/IEC 27043: 2015 activities to lessen the caseload burden. It provides a suggestion for applying the Helix3 function to meet the need of incident investigation processes at scene or lab. While live investigative response at scene puts emphasis on finding actionable intelligence immediately, dead forensic analysis at lab pays great attention to reconstructing the case and conducting cross examination to find the truth. Both are critical in the investigation response of cyber security incident.
The significance of cybercrime as a threat has significantly increased in the last decade, making cybersecurity a crucial issue for organizations, government agencies, and the general use of information technologies. According to the Australian Cybersecurity Center (ACSC), organizations worldwide face significant risks to their internal infrastructure, and therefore require cybersecurity professionals. This study aims to conduct an in-depth analysis of the reverse engineering process and offer practical solutions for reverse engineering methods. Through the examination of a product's source code, software reverse engineering can reconstruct its original intent, features, and specifications. A database of programs is then created, and data is obtained from it. Reverse engineering is conducted on different systems to facilitate their maintenance by increasing transparency and producing relevant documentation.
"Saudi Arabia has seen an enormous growth in Internet usage over the past few years. With increasing adoption of this technology has come a rise in cybercrime, often enabled through use of social engineering. Phishing is a prime example, aiming to deceive users into resealing personal data. The paper describes efforts to understand individuals' responses to phishing attacks through application of the Theory of Planned Behaviour (TPB). It reports a survey that considers three common social engineering persuading strategies, Authority, Social Proof and Scarcity. Results show correlations between these strategies and TPB. In particular, between attitude and intention to respond under the Authority strategy; subjective norms and intention to respond under the Social Proof strategy; and subjective norms and intention to respond under the Scarcity strategy."
"Phishing is a type of cybercrime committed by attackers to steal sensitive information. This paper focuses on URL-based phishing detection, i.e., detecting phishing webpages by analyzing the URL. Previously proposed methods tackled this problem; however, insufficient word tokenization of URLs arises unknown words, which degrades the detection accuracy. To solve the unknownword problem, we propose a new tokenization algorithm, called URL-Tokenizer, which integrates BERT and WordSegment tokenizers, besides utilizing 24 NLP features. Then, we adopt the URL-Tokenizer to the DNN-CNN hybrid model to leverage the detection accuracy. Our experiment using the Ebbu2017 dataset confirmed that our word-DNN-CNN achieves an AUC of 99.89% compared to the state-of-the-art DNN-BiLSTM with an AUC of 98.78%."
This paper investigates the evolution of investment scam lures and scam-related keywords in the cryptocurrency online forum Bitcointalk over a period of 12 years. Our findings show a shift in scam-related keywords found within posts in the forum, where Ponzi was the most popular and most frequently mentioned in 2014 and 2018 and HYIP appeared more often in 2018 and 2021. We also identify that the financial principle is the tactic more likely to be used to lure people into investment scams from 2015 until 2017, coinciding with the period when Ponzi was the most commonly found keyword. This is followed by a transition to the authority and distraction principles from 2018 until 2022, which also coincides with the increase of popularity of HYIP. We collect more than 17.8M posts from 399k threads from the forum, from July 2010 until June 2022. Our longitudinal analysis shows the popularity transition between subforums and keywords across time. We design a categorisation criteria and annotate 4,218 posts from 2,630 threads based on it. We then use the annotated sample to train four machine learning statistical models. We use the best performing model to classify all 281k English-language threads into four categories: overt scams, potential scams, scam comments and not investment scam related. We analyze the frequency changes of scam-related threads across the 12 year period and observe that overt and potential scams peaked in 2015 and 2018 respectively. We see that potential scams also increased during the COVID-19 pandemic. We use heuristics to pinpoint the types of cryptocurrencies most frequently used within scam advertisements. Bitcoin is most commonly found in potential scams while Ethereum appears more often than other cryptocurrencies in overt scams. We use machine learning classifiers to identify the scam actor types behind the posts categorised as overt and potential scams. We also classify the type of lure used by scammers. Our results indicate that the time principle is not a tactic used as frequently as expected. Finally, we observe the influence of the pandemic in the strategies used to lure victims, reflected in higher than expected use of the kindness principle in 2021 and 2022.
Combatting criminal misuse of cryptocurrencies was at the core of the FATF agenda under the US Presidency, culminating in June 2019 with the thorough extension of international standards against money laundering over virtual assets' markets. This echoed the first legislative measure regulating virtual currencies adopted by the EU a year before. Directive 2018/843, better known as the 5th Anti-Money Laundering Directive, fails however to address key technological breakthroughs and new business models, which continuously make the ever-growing and fast-paced crypto economy evolve. Against this background, the present contribution investigates shortfalls and challenges that lay ahead in the light of the new FATF Recommendations. It ultimately argues that the preventive anti-money laundering measures cannot dispense with the establishment of a cross-border integrated supervisory and enforcement system.
The rapid development in 5G cellular and IoT technologies is expected to be deployed widespread in the next few years. At the same time, crime rates are also increasing to a greater extent while the investigation officers are held responsible to deal with a broad range of cyber and internet issues in investigations. Therefore, advanced IT technologies and IoT devices can be deployed to ease the investigation process, especially, the identification of suspects. At present, only a few research works has been conducted upon deep learning-based Face Sketch Synthesis (FSS) models, concerning its success in diverse application domains including conventional face recognition. This paper proposes a new IoT-enabled Optimal Deep Learning based Convolutional Neural Network (ODL-CNN) for FSS to assist in suspect identification process. The hyper parameter optimization of the DL-CNN model was performed using Improved Elephant Herd Optimization (IEHO) algorithm. In the beginning, the proposed method captures the surveillance videos using IoT-based cameras which are then fed into the proposed ODL-CNN model. The proposed method initially involves preprocessing in which the contrast enhancement process is carried out using Gamma correction method. Then, the ODL-CNN model draws the sketches of the input images following which it undergoes similarity assessment, with professional sketch being drawn as per the directions from eyewitnesses. When the similarity between both the sketches are high, the suspect gets identified. A comprehensive qualitative and quantitative examination was conducted to assess the effectiveness of the presented ODL-CNN model. A detailed simulation analysis pointed out the effective performance of ODL-CNN model with maximum average Peak Signal to Noise Ratio (PSNR) of 20.11dB, Average Structural Similarity (SSIM) of 0.64 and average accuracy of 90.10%.
In today's digital world, cybercrime has become biggest challenge to face in order to keep the confidential information secure from intruders. The security mechanisms used to curb the cyberattacks, need to be improvised on constant basis with the help of advanced mathematical techniques. This paper deals with new cryptography based iterative method by using successive Elzaki transform of linear combination of functions for encryption and corresponding inverse Elzaki transform for decryption. Starting with a detailed procedure, we presented our work in the form of result. Further, it is generalized and then we applied the iterative method for making our algorithm more secure. We also implemented this method programmatically using PYTHON language which fits current needs. Finally, we illustrate our results with suitable examples.
New technologies from day to day are submitted with many vulnerabilities that can make data exploitation. Nowadays, IoT is a target for Cybercrime attacks as it is one of the popular platforms in the century. This research address the IoT security problem by carried a medium-interaction honeypot. Honeypot is one of the solutions that can be done because it is a system feed for the introduction of attacks and fraudulent devices. This research has created a medium interaction honeypot using Cowrie, which is used to maintain the Internet of Things device from malware attacks or even attack patterns and collect information about the attacker's machine. From the result analysis, the honeypot can record all trials and attack activities, with CPU loads averagely below 6,3%.
Identity-based crimes are considered to be one of the most significant and growing problems of the last 20 years due to the significant economic harm these offenses pose for victims. The increased use and availability of personal information through on-line outlets has significantly increased the risk of identity-based fraud, although few have considered the factors that affect the likelihood of this type of victimization. This study utilizes a sample of students, faculty, and staff at a southeastern university to investigate the effects that protective factors possess on fostering resiliency against on-line identity theft. The findings suggest that protective software programs increase individual resiliency to victimization. The implications of this study for both resiliency models and cybercrime victimization are considered in detail.
Despite growing interest in cybercrime, the Internet still poses significant challenges for criminological understanding. Its penetration of everyday life is relevant to many crime types, not just cybercrimes. This article examines the ways in which criminal commitments form using the Internet and related communication technologies that empower the individual relative to the group (gang, mafia, etc.). We argue this occurs in two ways. First, it allows individuals to limit involvement in particular associations or networks. The concept of digital drift is used to explore this element. Second, it allows them to commit crimes more autonomously through facilitating self-instruction. Drawing on Goffman, the importance of studying the encounter as the basic unit of a criminal interaction order is proposed.
Is crime reduced by highly publicized punishment events? Is crime reduced by law enforcement's public relations work? These longstanding questions are addressed in a novel context-digital drug markets. An analysis of trade data from two large and illegal e-commerce websites, collected on a daily basis for ten months, examined how market revenue was affected by (1) media coverage of police work on such markets and (2) the highly publicized conviction and life-sentencing of a market founder. Trade increased after periods with elevated media coverage, and also after the two court events. Possible explanations for the increase in trade after the trial outcomes are discussed in an analysis of textual conversations in three online forums associated with illegal e-commerce.
Competent security administrators are needed for effective detection of incessant criminal intrusion attempts we witness nowadays. The required competence includes the ability to analyze a suspicious attempt with a high degree of awareness of the situation surrounding the attempt. However, the extant literature on information security awareness focuses on end-user education and overlooks the type that is critical for security administrators to perform their tasks. This paper presents a model about factors influencing detection of criminal intrusions, based on the military concept of situation awareness (SA). We argue that in using intrusion detection systems (IDSs) to deflect criminal intrusions, SA is critical because of the highly dynamic nature of the task at hand and the information processing capability it requires. We support our argument by explicating the roles of two foundational antecedents to SA - experience (as evidenced in the administrator's usage pattern of memory) and interface design (graphical versus command-line).
"Some Nigerian universities are digitising their scholarly heritage , the high risk of loss or attack of digital records due to viruses and cyber hacks is worrisome, with far reaching consequences on the confidentiality, integrity and availability triad. This paper examines cybersecurity and institutional repository (IR) protection in Nigeria, highlighting the impact of cybersecurity and risk management. The study explores the five core frameworks of cybersecurity with emphasis on strategies for policy development and management of risk. It also analyses security threats through feedback from professionals in the referenced domain. A manual assessment was conducted with all Nigeria institutional repositories registered on opendoar.org using qualitative descriptive analysis. The sample size of the study consists of 88 librarians , information, communication and technology workers. A structured questionnaire on threats and risks of institutional repositories in Nigeria were distributed and 62(70.4%) responded. Results show that, of 198 federal, state and private universities, only 29 (14.6%) have established institutional repositories with slow adoption rate of 12.5% from 2009 to 2020 , 2019 having the highest established IR at a growth rate of 24%. Total number of items uploaded was 22,828. This paper found that DSpace open repository software had 79.3% use among institutions, while 26 institutions (89.6%) have uploaded journal articles. Hardware and software threats stood out prominently as leading causes of sub-optimal repository performance. Evaluated against an assigned weighted point system (of 31) derived from number of technical workers in IR domain, data reveals malware and malicious code as the biggest risk to repository resources, with 30.6%, followed by password attacks at 28% and IP theft 27.8% points respectively. However, hardening security systems guarding institutional hardware, software and infrastructure such as; management of identity access and operation, secure network application and data, could reduce incidents of cyber-crime. The research study recommends the development of modern cybersecurity framework for university libraries, mechanism for data defenses and redundancy strategies such as decentralisation of data and networks to mitigate the risk of vulnerability to attack and reduce loss from cyber incidents."
This is the first article to analyze children's involvement in technology-facilitated coercive control in Australia. The primary research question was ''How do mothers describe their children's involvement in technology-facilitated coercive control?. This article is based on incidental findings from a larger study on Australian women's experiences of technology-facilitated abuse in the context of domestic violence. Although children were not the focus of the study, semi-structured interviews with twelve mothers yielded discussion of children's involvement in the abuse. We used thematic analysis to identify key dynamics and contexts of this abuse. We found that mothers and their children are co-victims of coercive control. Mothers interviewed for the study reported that children were involved in technology-facilitated coercive control directly and indirectly. This study bridges the gap between the extant research on children and coercive control and technology-facilitated abuse by highlighting the ways children are involved in technology-facilitated coercive control. The social and legal contexts of co-parenting with abusive fathers exposed mothers and children to ongoing post-separation abuse, extending abusive fathers' absent presence in the lives of children
With the rapid development of information technology, cybercrimes are getting increasingly rampant. The popularity of various toolkits facilitates the cyber-attackers to intrude on online systems and access the vast streams of sensitive data. Prevention is better than cure. Penetration testing (PT) not only defends the illegal attacks but also identify potential vulnerabilities. It is capable of distinguishing network traffic on the massive amount of collected data from the following three phases: data reduction, data analysis, and data classification. This paper analyzes the PT network traffic and observes their tool marks.
This article discusses the data embassy, a new international legal concept created in response to a pressing problem. In 2007, Estonia fell victim to 'distributed denial-of-service attacks' and consequently, made Estonia's entire public sector data communications network inoperable. Their response was to strengthen their protection against and penalization for cybercrime, and to develop the concept of a 'data embassy'. On 20 June 2017 the Republic of Estonia and the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg signed an 'Agreement on the hosting of data and information systems', to host Estonian data in Luxembourg. Such data embassies perform a unique function and benefit from many privileges and immunities, but their legal status has been unclear. This article addresses the question concerning the legal status of the premises of the data embassy.
Today's Internet technology becomes more advanced. Computer has been increasingly applied in all aspects of the society, and we will continue to increase and expand. In the continuous development of computer applications, a lot of problems are emerging, in which using computer as a means of theft or damaging others are common. It not only brings a lot of security risks for people's lives but also brings more and more social harm. In mass of information in the network, if you want to investigate who using what kind of means to do cybercrime precisely and effectively, the traditional forensic techniques cannot meet our needs. Therefore, in computer crime investigation, how to identify computer crime and how to get the evidence is still a problem worthy studying.
The development of the Internet and e-commerce tools have simplified the process of commercial exchange for both legal and illicit goods. The rise of online markets for illicit goods enable access to facilitatory resources for crime, such as firearms and counterfeit identity documents. Few have considered how these online markets facilitate the sale of counterfeit currencies for use in offline environments. The current study attempted to address this gap in the literature through a qualitative crime script analysis of counterfeit currency vendors operating on both the Open and Dark Web to understand the ways vendors advertise, actualize, and exit these transactions. The implications of this analysis for our understanding of the acquisition processes of facilitatory products are explored in detail.
Criminal offending and victimization often overlap in both the virtual and offline worlds. However, scholars are still unsure how the offending-victimization relationship plays out between the online and offline worlds. Using a sample of 2,491 adults, four clusters are discovered: 1) those unlikely to have offended or been victimized, 2) those who had online victimization and offending experiences, 3) Those who have been victimized offline and online, but who are unlikely to have offended, and 4) individuals who were victims both online and offline and offended online. Thus, the offending-victimization overlap may be common, but it is certainly not exclusive.
Bitcoin is a cryptocurrency whose transactions are recorded on a distributed, openly accessible ledger. On the Bitcoin Blockchain, an owning entity's real-world identity is hidden behind a pseudonym, a so-called address. Therefore, Bitcoin is widely assumed to provide a high degree of anonymity, which is a driver for its frequent use for illicit activities. This paper presents a novel approach for de-anonymizing the Bitcoin Blockchain by using Supervised Machine Learning to predict the type of yet-unidentified entities. We utilized a sample of 957 entities (with approximate to 385 million transactions), whose identity and type had been revealed, as training set data and built classifiers differentiating among 12 categories. Our main finding is that we can indeed predict the type of a yet-unidentified entity. Using the Gradient Boosting algorithm with default parameters, we achieve a mean cross-validation accuracy of 80.42% and F1-score of approximate to 79.64%. We show two examples, one where we predict on a set of 22 clusters that are suspected to be related to cybercriminal activities, and another where we classify 153,293 clusters to provide an estimation of the activity on the Bitcoin ecosystem. We discuss the potential applications of our method for organizational regulation and compliance, societal implications, outline study limitations, and propose future research directions. A prototype implementation of our method for organizational use is included in the appendix.
Cyber-attacks are likely to continue to increase in size and frequency. As attackers get smarter than before, so do efforts made to protect against unwanted data theft. The purpose of this paper is to look for unusual patterns by repeatable experiments among the constant buzz of network packets that make up PT activities. The utilization of different PT toolkits, like Winfingerprint, Superscan, Nmap, SoftPerfect Network Scanner, NeoTrace, Nessus Vulnerability Scanner, and Path Analyzer Pro, facilitates cyber-attackers to bring down online system. It is capable of discerning network traffic on the vast streams of network information available through the connected machines from the following three phases: data collection, data reduction, and data analysis. Network forensics can aid in detecting attack behavior. This paper accommodates real-time evidence collection as a network feature against attackers. The identification of unusual patterns in network packets has been put to use in the ongoing battle to stay one step ahead of malicious hackers, who could be anyone from disgruntled customers to nation states. This approach can be easily deployed and should be applicable to any type of network-based assessment.
Transnationality, enabled by global processes and the rapid development of the Internet, has led to the creation of new dynamics of criminal activities, where cyberspace becomes a place, goal and mean of committing criminal activities. The aim of this paper is to present criminal activities related to crypto-assets in a coherent and concise way. The misuse of crypto-assets will be investigated in a systematic way, especially from the present the characteristics of cryptocurrencies that make them suitable for criminal contribute to the theoretical perspective of crypto-assets abuse and the taxonomy of criminal acts related to crypto-assets.
Blockchain-based systems become increasingly attractive targets for cybercrime due to the rising amount of value transacted in respective systems. However, a comprehensive overview of existing attack vectors and a directive discussion of resulting research opportunities are missing. Employing a structured literature review, we extract and analyze 87 relevant attacks on blockchain-based systems and assign them to common attack vectors. We subsequently derive a research framework and agenda for information systems research on the cybersecurity of blockchain-based systems. We structure our framework along the users, developers, and attackers of both blockchain applications and blockchain infrastructure, highlighting the reciprocal relationships between these entities. Our results show that especially socio-technical aspects of blockchain cybersecurity are underrepresented in research and require further attention.
Ransomware is one of the malicious software that is designed to prevent access to computer system until a sum of money is paid by the victim to the attacker. During the infection, the computer will either be locked, or the data will be encrypted. Ransoms are often demanded in Bitcoin, a largely anonymous Cryptocurrency. All transactions are recorded in the blockchain and verified by peer-to-peer networks. This paper investigation collects ten recent ransomware families, which use bitcoin as a payment for their ransom. In conjunction, we identified, collected and analysed Bitcoin addresses of users combining information from a clustering model and the blockchain. We used a heuristic clustering algorithm to reveal the hidden node's payment of ransomware. Finally, we demonstrated the characteristics of ransomware encryption mechanisms that include a view of the infected process and its execution, and the distinctive demands of ransom.
"This article examines the network structure, criminal cooperation, and external interactions of cybercriminal networks. Its contribution is empirical and inductive. The core of this study involved carrying out 10 case analyses on closed cybercrime investigations - all with financial motivations on the part of the offenders - in the UK and beyond. Each analysis involved investigator interview and access to unpublished law enforcement files. The comparison of these cases resulted in a wide range of findings on these cybercriminal networks, including: a common division between the scam/attack components and the money components; the presence of offline/local elements; a broad, and sometimes blurred, spectrum of cybercriminal behaviour and organisation. An overarching theme across the cases that we observe is that cybercriminal business models are relatively stable."
Cybersecurity is becoming more relevant throughout time. As information and technologies expand, so does the potential for it to be exploited. Computer and media have become more widespread in every modern country in the world. Unfortunately, certain community uses this opportunity to exploit the vulnerabilities that these computers left behind. Black hat, which is more identified as hackers and exploiters, uses the networks and servers that are commonly used to gain unauthorized information and data on the innocent victim. This work analyzes several honeypots and makes comparisons between them. Analysis has been done on the results to figure the disadvantages between each honeypot and try to improve one of the honeypots based on programming. The honeypot is deployed to simulate its effectiveness in combating cybercrime by detecting and collecting the information captured on the web browsers.
Internet of vehicles (IoV) is the evolution of conventional vehicle network (VANET), a recent domain attracting a large number of companies and researchers. It is an integration of three networks: an inter-vehicle network, an intra-vehicle network, and vehicular mobile Internet, in which the vehicle is considered as a smart object equipped with powerful multi-sensors platform, connectivity and communication technologies, enabling it to communicate with the world. The cooperative communication between vehicles and other devices causes diverse challenges in terms of: storage and computing capability, energy of vehicle and network's control and management. Security is very important aspect in IoV and it is required to protect connected cars from cybercrime and accidents. In this article, we propose a network model for IoV based on software Defined Network and Cloud Computing.
The technological adoption and widespread use of generative AI, as represented by ChatGPT, have altered the conventional mode of interaction between humans and AI and profoundly changed the way our society operates. In response to the multifarious risks associated with generative AI, spanning ethical considerations, intellectual property protection, privacy and data protection, market monopoly, cybercrime, and data security concerns, discussions on the status of AI subjects and legal regulation have surfaced both on a global and domestic scale. It is argued in the present study that generative AI governance should uphold the principle of reconciling safety and development, craft an AI code of ethics in line with the umbrella of the human-centered principle, and promote a comprehensive legal framework of AI based on general AI legislation, supplemented by specialized management approaches for generative AI, and underpinned by established legal norms.
Phishing is a cybercrime that is increasing exponentially day by day. In phishing, a phisher employs social engineering and technology to misdirect victims towards revealing their personal information, which can then be exploited. Despite ongoing research to find effective anti-phishing solutions, phishing remains a serious security problem for Internet users. In this paper, an investigation of using CAPTCHA keystroke dynamics to enhance the prevention of phishing attacks was presented. A controlled laboratory experiment was conducted, with the results indicating the proposed approach as highly effective in protecting online services from phishing attacks. The results showed a 0% false-positive rate and 17.8% false-negative rate. Overall, the proposed solution provided a practical and effective way of preventing phishing attacks.
Billions of people have access to the online environment through which runs financial transfers or personal data. The boundaries of cybercrime are particularly diffuse. The critical areas are in the focus of the offenders. The balance of profits and losses can be seriously prejudiced if the directions of international bodies are ignored. Defensive systems can become casualties due to poor management or lack of investment. The phenomenon can be overcome only by a mature approach, one that is professional and that takes full responsibility. The article attempts to underline the role of the IT infrastructure in the light of technological evolution and some of the effects that can arise. The proposed defence strategies have as objective fulfilling the readers expectations.
Phishing is a form of cybercrime used to lure a victim to reveal his/her sensitive personal information to fraudulent web pages. To protect users from phishing attacks, many anti-phishing techniques have been proposed to block suspicious web pages, which are identified against registered black-lists, or checked by search engines. However, such approaches usually have difficulty in keeping up with the rapidly emerging phishing web pages. To lessen this problem, this paper proposes a technique for identifying suspicious web pages, based on the literal and conceptual consistency between the URL and web contents. By using the search logs only as reference data, our approach can achieve 98% accuracy, showing that it is effective in detecting various forms of phishing attack.
Network forensics is addressed to deal with cybercrime. The main purpose of a network forensics system is reconstructing evidences of network attacks. In order to reconstruct evidence, the network attack is firstly identified. Therefore, network attack detection solutions play an important role in network forensics. There are two main types of network attacks: network level and application level. Network level attack detection solutions focus on the information in the headers of network packets. While, application level attack detection solutions investigate the data fragments carried out in the packet payloads. We propose an approach based on Shannon entropy and machine learning techniques to identify executable content for anomaly-based network attack detection in network forensics systems. Experimental results show that the proposed approach provides very high detection rate.
This study investigated perceptions of child sexual abuse in a hypothetical cybersexploitation case. Men were predicted to be more negative toward the victim than were women. Victims were predicted to be more negatively judged when they consented to sex than when they did not and when they were lied to than when they were not. Two hundred and seventy-six respondents read a sexual abuse depiction in which the perpetrator's disclosure about his age (being honest from the outset, lying, or refusing to disclose when questioned) and the final outcome of the meeting (consensual verses nonconsensual sexual intercourse) were varied between subjects. Respondents then completed a 17-item attribution scale. ANOVAs revealed broad support for the predictions. Results have implications for education about cybercrime.
Cyber world is undergoing constant and boundless development when cybercrime has always hindered its progress. The advantages of digitalization has inevitably enabled crime to expand its unhindered impact by physical limitations. As the Internet becomes accessible, cyberbullying inflicts social and mental wounds upon the victims. As the presence of cyberbullying becomes more prominent, awareness must be raised among Internet users of its insidious nature. If an individual is exposed to a criminally infested environment in his everyday lifestyle, there is a high possibility for him/her to conform to criminal behaviors and activities. Implications for Routine Activity Theory (RAT) are discussed in Taiwan cyberbullying incident. It is believed that the proposed capable guardianship strategy can protect Internet users from being victimized by cyberbullying, facilitate to cut down its circuit, and fight against it.
Owing to the increasing number and complexity of malware threats, research on automated malware detection has become a hot topic in the field of network security. Traditional malware detection techniques require a lot of human intervention and resources (in terms of time and storage) as these involve manual analysis of all malware files in the application. Moreover, malware authors have developed techniques like polymorphism and code obfuscation that evade the traditional signature-based detection approaches employed by anti-virus companies. To solve this issue, malware detection enabled by deep learning (DL) methods is being used recently. This paper presents a performance comparison of 26 state-of-the-art pre-trained convolutional neural network (CNN) models in Android malware detection. It also includes performance obtained by large-scale learning with SVM and RF classifiers and stacking with CNN models. Based on the results, an EfficientNet-B4 CNN-based model is proposed to detect Android malware using image-based malware representations of the Android DEX file. EfficientNet-B4 extracts relevant features from the malware images. These features are then passed through a global average pooling layer and fed into a softmax classifier. The proposed method obtained an accuracy of 95.7% in the binary classification of Android malware images, outperforming the compared models in all performance metrics. (c) 2022 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Compared to the offline world, the online environment is more anonymous and therefore less easily controlled. Criminological theories generally show that people are more likely to commit crime when they experience or perceive less formal or informal social control. Consequently, one might assume that people are more likely to commit crime online than offline. As formal social control is lacking, informal social control and peer-offending may be important predictors of online offending. In this paper, we examine to what extent differences in perceived formal and informal online control are related to the likelihood that a person will commit a system-trespassing offense (i.e. malicious hacking). Additionally, we examine peer system-trespassing, and how this may interact with perceptions of formal and informal social control. In the logistic regression analyses we employ eight different measures for perceptions of formal and informal social control, in addition to peer-offending, and control variables. Both direct effects and interaction effects are examined. Our results show that peer-offending is an important predictor of system-trespassing and interaction effects show that perceived formal and informal online social control are related to this type of offending but only for specific groups. Implications will be discussed.
Individuals with acquired brain injury (ABI) may be vulnerable to cyberscams due to their cognitive and psychosocial impairments. However, the lived experiences of cyberscam survivors with ABI and their close others is not understood, and no effective intervention has been identified. This qualitative study aimed to explore the perspectives of cyberscam survivors with ABI (n = 7) and their close others (n = 6). Semi-structured interviews explored the scam experience, impacts, vulnerabilities and interventions. Reflexive thematic analysis of interview transcripts identified seven themes: who is at the helm?: vulnerabilities, the lure: scammer tactics, scammers aboard: scam experience, the discovery, sinking in: impacts, responding to the mayday: responses from others, and lifesavers: suggestions for intervention. The journey towards scam victimisation was complex, and complicated by the ABI. Cyberscams contributed to substantial financial disadvantage, loss of trust and shame. ABI related impairments and social isolation reportedly increased scam vulnerability and interfered with intervention attempts by family and professionals. Confusion, denial and disbelief created further barriers to discovery. The practical and emotional impacts on both cyberscam survivors with ABI and their family members, and a lack of effective intervention, highlight the need for increased education and awareness in order to improve online safety for those with ABI.
Technological advances have changed the manner in which ordinary citizens conduct their daily activities. Many of these activities are carried out over the Internet. These include filling tax returns, online banking, job searching and general socialising. Increased bandwidth and proliferation of mobile phones with access to Internet in South Africa imply increased access to Internet by the South African population. Such massive increased in access to Internet increases vulnerabilities to cyber crime and attacks and threatens the national security. As a result, South Africa remains one of top three countries that are targeted by phishing attacks, the other two are the US and the UK (RSA, 2011). As a response, various entities engage in cyber security awareness initiatieves and trainings with the aim to create cyber security awareness (CSA) among the citizens of South Africa. In the absence of a national cyber security policy, however, these awareness initiatives and programmes are delivered through a variety of independent mechanisms. Various entities engage in cyber security awareness training each with its specific objectives and focus areas. It is argued in this paper that cyber security is complex and multi-faceted. No single solution can effectively address it. While the current means to create cyber security awareness does make impact, the fragmented and uncoordinated nature thereof have a potential to create its own dynamics. The focus of organisations to deliver on their own objectives translates to some extent into the optimisation of the behaviour of individual entities as opposed to the optimisation of the national cyber security awareness as a whole. This paper evaluates the extent to which the current cyber security awareness initiatives address the cyber security threats and risks. The assessment is based on the initiatives objectives, alignment of the programme to the cyber threats, and the target audience.
Increasing numbers of social media users report being blackmailed on social media following their sharing of sensitive and personal information. However, little is known about this emerging crime and its victims. Using a survey of adult WhatsApp users in Oman (n = 1452) and interviews (n = 18) with victims and Omani criminal justice professionals, this study addresses this gap by examining the prevalence of blackmail among adult WhatsApp users arising from their voluntary self-disclosures, as well as the characteristics and vulnerabilities of those who fall victim to this activity. New insights are also offered into the factors influencing victim's decisions to report their experiences to criminal justice professionals, as well as the challenges associated with investigating and prosecuting this activity.
While there are no new frauds, internet technology provides new opportunities for fraudsters by facilitating volumes of attacks that law enforcement then struggles to address. Moreover, since context can affect how potential victims respond to frauds, crisis context influences how fraudsters design frauds. This article assesses fraudsters' fraud design strategies during two external crisis events that impacted Australia: The Black Summer Bushfires that occurred from September 2019 to March 2020 and the onset and first year of the COVID-19 pandemic that occurred from January 2020 through January 2021. Targets, during these crises, were more likely to be vulnerable according to Steinmetz's model victim for social engineering framework. This study shows that, in both crises, fraudsters deployed the social engineering techniques of authority and scarcity, techniques that are more likely to be successful based solely on initial contact. Fraudsters designed their requests to be easily actioned and crafted their scams to reference very recent events as the external crisis events evolved. Thus, they targeted broad audiences with minimal personal involvement. Furthermore, this study shows that fraudsters, when disseminating their scams via sodas media outlets, attempted to build social proof to expand their potential victim pool to include the marks' social circles.
Bullying and stalking through cyberspace have become serious phenomena in the Internet era, impacting mainly young users and teenagers. Many tragic incidents have occurred, especially in the West, including self-harm and suicide due to these problems. To protect the victims many countries such as the United Arab Emirates (UAE), the United States (US), the United Kingdom (UK) and Canada have codified laws dealing with cyber-crimes, including cyber-harassment. To determine the adequacy of such laws in addressing these issues, we present in this paper a legal analysis of the existing anti-bullying and stalking laws in the UAE, US, UK, and Canada. The purpose is to gain perspective on the characteristics of the laws and their ability to protect society from various forms of crimes associated with cyberbullying and cyberstalking. The paper also presents recommendations to help combat cyberbullying and cyberstalking and protect our youth from these issues.
Abuses of online anonymity make identity tracing a critical problem in cybercrime investigation. To solve this problem, this paper focuses on the feature of authors' behavior in time slices and tries to mine the association of multiple virtual identities based on multi-agent interaction. We propose the recognition model MVIA-K based on knowledge management. In MVIA-K, agents perform distributed mining to get candidate author groups as local knowledge in each time slice. Then high-quality knowledge is extracted from the local knowledge and used as priori knowledge to guide other agents' mining process. Finally distributed knowledge is integrated on the basis of knowledge scale. Experiment with real-world dataset shows that MVIA-K has a very promising performance, which can filter the noise data effectively and outperform Author Topic model.
Deepfake and digitally altered nude and sexual imagery is a serious and harmful emerging form of image-based sexual abuse (IBSA). This article reports on a multi-methods and cross-country study of IBSA across the United Kingdom, New Zealand and Australia, with a specific focus on the creation, distribution and threat to distribute deepfake and digitally altered imagery. Our findings suggest this abuse involves poly-victimization and poly-perpetration, and is disproportionately experienced and engaged in by those with mobility and/or communication assistance needs, members of the LGB+ community, males, young people and racial minorities (perpetration only). In this article, we discuss the pervasiveness and harms of deepfake and digitally altered imagery abuse, as well as challenges in legal responses, policing and prevention.
"Purpose This paper aims to help build awareness with financial institutions about the money laundering risks posed by individuals who have been unknowingly recruited as Money Mules and theme assures that financial institution scan adopt to detect illicit funds which are being received into the bank accounts of low risk or medium risk customers who are unknowingly recruited as Money Mules. Design/methodology/approach The research took the form of a desk study, which analysed various documents and reports such as a 2019 report on Money Mules by the European Union Agency for Law Enforcement Cooperation (EUROPOL); a 2019 and 2020 report on Money Mules by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and the Better Business Bureau (BBB); the Financial Action Task Force Guidance on the Risk Based Approach to Combating Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing (High Level Principles and Procedures) 2007; the Financial Action Task Force Recommendations 2012; the United Kingdom's Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information on the Payer) Regulations 2017; the United States Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering Examination Manual 2014; Transparency International Corruption Perceptions Index 2018; The UK Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 (as amended); the Joint Money Laundering Steering Group JMLSG, Prevention of money laundering/combating terrorist financing: Guidance for the UK financial sector Part I June 2017 (Amended December 2017); the United States Codified Bank Secrecy Act Regulations (31 CFR); the Nigerian Money Laundering Prohibition Act 2011 (as amended); and the Joint Money Laundering Steering Group JMLSG, Prevention of money laundering/combating terrorist financing: Guidance for the UK financial sector Part II: Sectoral Guidance June 2017 (Amended December 2017). Findings This paper determined that financial institutions may be able to prevent proceeds of crime from being laundered by individuals who have been unknowingly recruited as Money Mules if they focus monitoring resources on the emotionally vulnerable customers like newcomers to the country, unemployed people who may have lost their jobs because of a pandemic like COVID-19, students and those in economic hardship; pay very close attention to the country of origin where the funds emanate from; pay very close attention to the country where the funds are being transferred to; and pay close attention to frequent large cash deposits followed by wire transfers. Originality/value While most articles focus on the money laundering risk(s) associated with Money Mules and the measures that individuals can use to ensure that their bank accounts are not used by criminals to launder illicit funds, this paper focuses on the different mechanisms that banks can use to detect illicit funds which are being received into the bank accounts of low risk or medium risk customers who are unknowingly recruited as Money Mules. This paper recommends a proportional approach that balances anti-money laundering measures, financial inclusion and human rights. The mechanisms/measures which have been extensively discussed in this paper will help banks to identify, assess and understand their money laundering and terrorist financing risks as it relates to Money Mules and take commensurate measures to mitigate them."
In the computer network crime and network security means defense technology escalating the situation, a growing number of technical and legal experts come to realize, is completely dependent on network security technology to combat computer-related crime can not be very effective, it must apply the law deterrent sanctions and technical preparedness to jointly curb cybercrime, Network Forensic technology is in this situation and developed, it belongs to an active network security defenses. But whether it is the concept of network forensics technology or greater extension of the scope of Computer Forensic technology, it has not yet formed the theory, method and system of systems. Computer forensics technology has become a hot research topic in recent years, the field of computer science and law intersect, this paper presents a study on electronic data forensics system based on C/S structure.
The internet has become a popular marketplace for the sale of illicit products, including stolen personal information, drugs, and firearms. Many of these products are acquired using cryptocurrencies, which are generally defined as forms of digital currency that is traceable through blockchain ledger technology. These currencies are thought to be more secure than other forms of digital payment, though law enforcement and financial service providers have found ways to investigate account holders and their transactions. Consequently, several service providers have begun to offer cryptomixing services, which effectively launders payments to circumvent detection and investigation tools. Few have explored the practices of cryptomixing services, or the ways in which they are marketed on the Open and Dark Web. This inductive qualitative analysis will examine a sample of 18 cryptomixing services advertised on both the Open and Dark Web to better understand cryptomixing and its role in facilitating illicit transactions across the internet.
The core of this article is a detailed investigation of the dispute resolution system contained within Darkode, an elite cybercriminal forum. Extracting the dedicated disputes section from within the marketplace, where users can report bad behavior and register complaints, we carry out content analysis on these threads. This involves both descriptive statistics across the data set and qualitative analysis of particular posts of interest, leading to a number of new insights. First, the overall level of disputes is quite high, even though members are vetted for entry in the first instance. Second, the lower ranked members of the marketplace are the most highly represented category for both the plaintiffs and defendants. Third, vendors are accused of malfeasance far more often than buyers, and their crimes are most commonly either not providing the product/service or providing a poor one. Fourth, the monetary size of the disputes is surprisingly small. Finally, only 23.1% of disputes reach a clear outcome.
With the development of Internet technologies, both the positive aspects of the Internet space and the adverse ones did not rest. The development of online fraud has become one of the main threats to the safe use of Internet resources. People who do not have sufficient Internet security skills are increasingly falling into the digital traps of scammers. However, the existing domestic legislation of Russia does not always manage to respond to new trends arising in modern crime. Therefore, new dangerous actions committed in the digital environment often remain beyond the scope of the law, and attackers remain unpunished. First of all, the point is in petty offenses committed in the digital environment (with damage up to 2,500 rubles), which, in principle, cannot be solved. This circumstance determines the relevance of the research topic. The relevance of the study is provided by the fact that the amount of damage caused by crimes in the virtual space in recent years has grown many times. The scientific novelty of this paper lies in the fact that, taking into account available research and existing legislation, questions about the causes and characteristics of crimes and delinquencies in the digital environment are revealed more than ever before.
Alternate Data Streams (ADS) is a method of information hiding that is only possible on NTFS file systems. Criminals are using it to hide data because the ADS can hide any size and type of data in NTFS file system. ADS is invisible to users. However, ADS operation updates the temporal attribute of cover medium, which could be a trace for ADS evaluating. Cover medium indicates to the file/folder which is used for ADS operation (creating, modifying and overwriting). In general file/folder operation, if we create (archive/copy) a file into folder, it updates certain timestamps attributes of folder and file itself. Same result takes place when modifying/overwriting the file within folder. Based on this concept, we took a file within folder as a cover medium and applied some operations (create, modify and overwrite) on it to observe the timestamps variation on both folder and cover medium.
This paper describes the origins of security economics. The birth of this thriving new discipline is sometimes credited to a talk I gave at ACSAC in December 2001, but the story is more complex. After sabbatical visits to Berkeley in 20012 to work with Hal Varian, we organised the first Workshop on the Economics of Information Security in June 2002. Since then the field has grown to encompass arguments over open versus proprietary systems, the econometrics of online crime, the behavioural economics of security and much else. It has started to have a significant impact on policy, with security-economics studies of cybercrime and infrastructure vulnerability being adopted as policy in the EU, while security economics PhDs have got influential jobs in the White House and elsewhere.
Phishing assaults are one of the more prevalent types of cybercrime in the world today. To steal information, users are sent emails and messages. Moreover, websites are used for it. Phishing primarily targets corporate websites, such as those for e commerce, finance, and governmental organizations. To obtain sensitive user information, attackers impersonate websites, a phenomenon known as phishing. In addition to exploring the use of machine learning algorithms to identify and stop web phishing assaults, this research suggests utilizing machine learning techniques to detect phishing URLs by analyzing various aspects of the URLs. The study includes classification models like Logistic Regression, Random Forest, Decision trees, KNN, Naive Bayes, SVM, and other ensemble learning techniques like Gradient Boosting, XGBoost, Histogram Gradient Boosting, Light Gradient Boosting, and Ada Boost were used to detect phishing websites.
Estonia has successfully created a digital society within the past 2 decades. It is best known for its eGovernment achievements, but it is also home for four unicorn star-ups. While the state is aiming to attract tech investments with e-Residency program and has recently started to invest into protecting national IP and safeguarding data from cybercrime by applying blockchain technology and creating its digital embassy in Luxembourg, emerging technologies such as and applications of artificial intelligence but also internet of things have posed the question on legal regulation and standardization. The dilemma, however, seems to be that since the new technologies, such artificial intelligence is much more overwhelming phenomenon than e-governance and presumably, before deciding the legal standards, the political and economic strategies that go beyond the e-governance should be set.
"The distribution of child sexual exploitation (CE) material has been aided by the growth of the Internet. The graphic nature and prevalence of the material has made researching and combating difficult. Although used to study online CE distribution, automated data collection tools (e.g., webcrawlers) have yet to be shown effective at targeting only relevant data. Using CE-related image and keyword criteria, we compare networks starting from CE websites to those from similar non-CE sexuality websites and dissimilar sports websites. Our results provide evidence that (a) webcrawlers have the potential to provide valid CE data, if the appropriate criterion is selected; (b) CE distribution is still heavily image-based suggesting images as an effective criterion; (c) CE-seeded networks are more hub-based and differ from non-CE-seeded networks on several website characteristics. Recommendations for improvements to reliable criteria selection are discussed."
Tampered multimedia content is increasingly being used in a broad range of cybercrime activities. The spread of fake news, misinformation, digital kidnapping, and ransomware-related crimes are among the most recurrent crimes in which manipulated digital photos are being used as an attacking vector. One of the linchpins of accurately detecting manipulated multimedia content is the use of machine learning and deep learning algorithms. This work proposed a dataset of photos and videos suitable for digital forensics, which has been used to benchmark Support Vector Machines (SVM) and Convolution Neural Networks algorithms (CNN). An SVM-based module for the Autopsy digital forensics open-source application has also been developed. This was evaluated as a very capable and useful forensic tool, winning second place on the OSDFCon international Autopsy modules competition.
Criminological literature on crime and deviance in cyberspace has boomed in recent years with most studies focusing on computer integrity crimes, computer content crimes and financial cybercrimes, also discussing the opportunity to consider some of these crimes as profit-driven forms of organised crime. The existing literature, however, has not addressed extensively yet the impact of the emergence and proliferation of cyber affordances on forms of state-organized crime - a conceptualization that since the late '80 s proved successful in shedding light, among other things, on the relationships among social structures and criminality. Seeking to address this gap, this conceptual contribution focuses on state-cybercrimes, where illegal, harmful or unjust cyber activities are committed for the benefit of a state or its agencies, offering a macro-typology to shed light on how cyber affordances are influencing and transforming the state-crime relations.
The emergence of the deadly global respiratory coronavirus disease (COVID-19) in 2019 claimed many lives and altered the way people live and behave as well as how companies operated. Considerable pressure was exerted on Institutions of Higher Learning (universities) to salvage the academic projects through the process of business model reconfiguration. Students were required to study remotely and were, therefore, exposed to phishing and scamming cyber-attacks. The effects of these attacks were examined in this study with the support of literature and empirical research leading to appropriate recommendations being proposed. Data were obtained through semi-structured interviews from students at a selected public-funded university. Atlas.Ti was used for data analysis to identify usable and sensible themes. The study established that students were aware of the factors that exposed them to phishing and scamming attacks but lacked the skills to identify such attacks before becoming victims.
Cyberattacks are becoming more and more advanced, making it more difficult to identify suspicious activities on network traffic. Weaponizing the data in the line between network attacks and data breaches continues and the number rises upward even during the recent year with a massive increase in the attack type. Many consider Intrusion Detection System (IDS) datasets publicly available are becoming outdated and inadequate due to the availability of newer attack techniques. Therefore, it is a concern that the extensive usage of these available datasets in the current attack scenario to evaluate IDS models. This paper lists 37 datasets available for testing the IDS models and discusses those publicly accessible datasets, describing the characteristics and limitations for researchers who use such datasets. Finally, based on the dataset characteristics and usage survey, we conclude with a summary of the problems and provide our insights and suggestions for the use of network-based datasets for the Deep Learning approach for further improvement.
The rapid rise of the Dark Web and supportive technologies has served as the backbone facilitating online illegal activity worldwide. These illegal activities supported by anonymisation technologies such as Tor has made it increasingly elusive to law enforcement agencies. Despite several successful law enforcement operations, illegal activity on the Dark Web is still growing. There are approaches to monitor, mine, and research the Dark Web, all with varying degrees of success. Given the complexity and dynamics of the services offered, we recognize the need for in depth analysis of the Dark Web with regard to its infrastructures, actors, types of abuse and their relationships. This involves the challenging task of information extraction from the very heterogeneous collection of web pages that make up the Dark Web. Most providers develop their services on top of standard frameworks such as WordPress, Simple Machine Forum, phpBB and several other frameworks to deploy their services. As a result, these service providers publish significant number of pages based on similar structural and stylistic templates. We propose an efficient, scalable, repeatable and accurate approach to cluster Dark Web pages based on those structural and stylistic features. Extracting relevant information from those clusters should make it feasible to conduct in depth Dark Web analysis. This paper presents our clustering algorithm to accelerate information extraction, and as a result improve attribution of digital traces to infrastructures or individuals in the fight against cyber crime.
The abuse of free web-based services has been raised in today's cyber world. In response, researchers have developed security mechanisms to protect users and system resources from misuse. However, attackers are increasingly finding new ways to avoid detection by these mechanisms. As a consequence, new and improved security mechanisms are in constant need of development, which may be a challenge in terms of cost. Increased security may also impair the usability of the web-based services. As such, there is often a clear trade-off between the variables of: security level, usability and cost. This paper therefore proposes approaches that can effectively handle this trade-off.
The deliberate misuse of technical infrastructure (including the Web and social media) for cyber deviant and cybercriminal behaviour, ranging from the spreading of extremist and terrorism related material to online fraud and cyber security attacks, is on the rise. This workshop aims to better understand such phenomena and develop methods for tackling them in an effective and efficient manner The workshop brings together interdisciplinary researchers and experts in Web search, security informatics, social media analysis, machine learning, and digital forensics, with particular interests in cyber security. The workshop programme includes refereed papers, invited talks and a panel discussion for better understanding the current landscape, as well as the future of data mining for detecting cyber deviance.
Cloud computing as an extensive IT service delivery platform is one of the most promising technologies for rapid business development and operational efficiency improvement. Unfortunately, many of the attractive cloud computing attributes can be utilized for cybercrime purposes and illegal activities. Effective combat of these cybercrimes requires careful application of digital forensics practice in the cloud computing environment. This refers not just to the adoption of specific technical methodologies or tools for cloud forensic investigation, but also to serious consideration of the legal and privacy aspects of this investigation. Accordingly, through this paper we discuss the potential impact of the cloud forensics on privacy in the cloud computing environment, and offer several recommendations for adoption of privacy aware cloud forensic investigation process.
Young people's use of online communication has increasingly become a concern for policy-makers, professionals, and parents. Sharing personal information and grooming or sexual solicitation by online predators have been prominent on the list of dangers. However, little research exists to support fears. This paper reviews the data we do have and shows that, far from being a major problem, the risks from online communication are small-scale and largely focused upon particular groups within the population. Furthermore, they are often misrepresented by safety campaigns and largely within the competencies of young people to manage. It goes on to argue that the over-zealous risk discourse may prevent many benefits of online communication being experienced by young people. Furthermore, the potential for using communication tools as policy vehicles has been largely ignored. The paper concludes by suggesting how risk discourses can be refined to more accurately reflect reality and also how professionals can harness the potential of online communication to benefit young people's lives.
Cybercrime has become an integral part of the transnational threat landscape and conjures up pressing images of nefarious and increasingly complex online activity. More recently, the concept of 'organised crime' has been attributed to cybercriminality. There has been subsequent disagreement and confusion concerning whether such crime is a derivation of traditional organised crime or an evolution of such crime within the online space. This opaque state of affairs has been exacerbated by the relative lack of clear evidence attesting to and supporting either scenario. Technological advances have always been used to the advantage of the criminal fraternity. The crucial question that remains is whether those advances have merely facilitated the commission of physical crime or whether in fact they have led to the creation of a new wave of traditional, but virtual, organised crime.
In recent years, a number of network forensics techniques have been proposed to investigate the increasing number of cybercrimes. Network forensics techniques assist in tracking internal and external network attacks by focusing on inherent network vulnerabilities and communication mechanisms. However, investigation of cybercrime becomes more challenging when cyber criminals erase the traces in order to avoid detection. Therefore, network forensics techniques employ mechanisms to facilitate investigation by recording every single packet and event that is disseminated into the network. As a result, it allows identification of the origin of the attack through reconstruction of the recorded data. In the current literature, network forensics techniques are studied on the basis of forensic tools, process models and framework implementations. However, a comprehensive study of cybercrime investigation using network forensics frameworks along with a critical review of present network forensics techniques is lacking. In other words, our study is motivated by the diversity of digital evidence and the difficulty of addressing numerous attacks in the network using network forensics techniques. Therefore, this paper reviews the fundamental mechanism of network forensics techniques to determine how network attacks are identified in the network. Through an extensive review of related literature, a thematic taxonomy is proposed for the classification of current network forensics techniques based on its implementation as well as target data sets involved in the conducting of forensic investigations. The critical aspects and significant features of the current network forensics techniques are investigated using qualitative analysis technique. We derive significant parameters from the literature for discussing the similarities and differences in existing network forensics techniques. The parameters include framework nature, mechanism, target dataset, target instance, forensic processing, time of investigation, execution definition, and objective function. Finally, open research challenges are discussed in network forensics to assist researchers in selecting the appropriate domains for further research and obtain ideas for exploring optimal techniques for investigating cyber-crimes. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The recent development in Information Communication Technology (ICT) has made changes in every aspect in our life. These changes are clearly reflected in cyberspace-related areas. The positive influence of cyberspace on knowledge, trade and business, and communication is undoubtable. However, there is a dark side of cyberspace deteriorates its peaceful usage that is cybercrimes. Cybercrimes arc defined as any illegal activities practiced by or done via cyberspace and its electronic environment. Unlike traditional crimes, cybercrimes present a real dilemma due to the fact that criminals' identity may be hidden or fraud in virtual domain. The concept of digital forensics have come to the existence in an attempt of formulating possible ways for cybercrimes investigation and analysis process. In this paper, we deplore the concept of digital forensics in the context of cybercrimes. An investigation of the positive impact of digital forensics in combating cybercrimes is discussed and useful remarks on open research issues are provided for further investigation activities.
Many threats in the real world can be related to activity of persons on the internet. Internet surveillance aims to predict and prevent attacks and to assist in finding suspects based on information from the web. However, the amount of data on the internet rapidly increases and it is time consuming to monitor many websites. In this paper, we present a novel method to automatically monitor trends and find anomalies on the internet. The system was tested on Twitter data. The results showed that it can successfully recognize abnormal changes in activity or emotion.
Digital image fraudulent has become a very dangerous problem because of the rapidly growing media editing software. The information on the digital image can be easily replaced by fake information. Several cybercrime activities are attempted by hacking the digital images. Due to the presence of various kinds of media editing software, the digital image authenticity is very much significant. Nowadays, the detection of the manipulated images and localization of the manipulated regions are important issues. Many efforts have been made over the past decade to detect the tampered images and localization of the tampered regions with high accuracy based on some specially designed mechanisms. This paper presents a detailed survey of existing approaches for detecting tampered images and localization of the tampered regions.
With the increasing information being shared online, the vast potential for cybercrime is a serious issue for individuals and businesses. Quantum key distribution (QKD) provides a way for distribution of secure key between two communicating parties. However, the current Quantum Key Distribution method, BB84 protocol, is prone to several weaknesses. These are Photon-Number-Splitting (PNS) attack, high Quantum Bit Error Rate (QBER), and low raw key efficiency. Thus, the objectives of this paper are to investigate the impacts of BB84 protocol towards QBER and raw key efficiencies in single quantum channel. Experiments were set up using a QKD simulator that was developed in Java NetBeans. The simulation study has reaffirmed the results of QBER and raw key efficiencies for the single quantum channel BB84 protocol.
With the ever-growing use of social media, authorship attribution plays an important role in avoiding cybercrime, and helping the analysis of online trails left behind by cyber pranks, stalkers, bullies, identity thieves and alike. In this paper, we propose a method for authorship attribution in micro-blogs with efficiency one hundred to a thousand times faster than state-of-the-art counterparts. The method relies on a powerful and scalable feature representation approach taking advantage of user patterns in micro-blog messages, and also on a custom-tailored pattern classifier adapted to deal with big data and high-dimensional data. Finally, we discuss search-space reduction when analyzing hundreds of online suspects and millions of online micro messages, which makes this approach invaluable for digital forensics and law enforcement.
This paper investigates the mathematical modelling of cybercrime attacks on multiple devices connected to the server. This model is a very successful way for cybercrime, bio-mathematics, and artificial intelligence to investigate and comprehend the behaviour of mannerisms with harmful intentions in a computer system. In this computational model, we are studying the factors (i.e., computer viruses, disease infections, and cyberattacks) that affect connected devices. This compartmental model, SEIAR, represents the various hardware utilised during the cyberattack. The letters S, E, I, A, and R are used to represent different stages or groups of individuals in epidemiological models, helping to understand the spread and control of infectious diseases. The dynamics of the previous model are determined by a series of differential equations. The dynamics of the preceding model are determined by a system of differential equations. Numerical solutions of the model are calculated using backpropagated Levenberg-Marquardt algorithm (BLMA) and a specific optimization algorithm known as the Levenberg-Marquardt algorithm (LMA). Reference solutions were obtained by using the Runge-Kutta algorithm of order 4 (RK-4). The backpropagated Levenberg-Marquardt algorithm (BLMA), commonly known as the damped least-squares (DLS) method. Subsequently, we endeavor to analyze the surrogate solutions obtained for the system and determine the stability of our approach. Moreover, we aim to ascertain fitting curves to the target solutions with minimum errors and achieve a regression value of 1 for all the predicted solutions. The outcome of our simulations ensures that our approach is capable of making precise predictions concerning the behavior of real-world phenomena under varying circumstances. The testing, validation, and training of our technique concerning the reference solutions are then used to determine the accuracy of the surrogate solutions obtained by BLMA. Convergence analysis, error histograms, regression analysis, and curve fitting were used for each differential equation to examine the robustness and accuracy of the design strategy.
Cyber security awareness among smartphone users is becoming one of the main challenges of cyber security in both developed and developing countries. This paper focuses on Thailand, a developing country that is ranked among the riskiest countries in the world with regards to cybercrime. Through a survey exploring the knowledge and practices of Thai student smartphone owners, as the young population is the largest user group, we seek to estimate the level of their cyber security awareness about the most common risks. The findings reveal that they are most susceptible to identity theft or data compromise, while they were on the whole found to have a higher level of security awareness than students in other countries. We argue for Thailand's digital economy to be sustainable, ICT4D projects need to extend their focus to this population of smartphone users to increase security awareness.
Purpose The purpose of this paper is to formulate a novel model for enhancing the effectiveness of existing digital forensic readiness (DFR) schemes by leveraging the capabilities of cyber threat information sharing. Design/methodology/approach This paper uses a quantitative methodology to identify the most popular cyber threat intelligence (CTI) elements and introduces a lightweight approach to correlate those with potential forensic value, resulting in the quick and accurate triaging and identification of patterns of malicious activities. Findings While threat intelligence exchange steadily becomes a common practice for the prevention or detection of security incidents, the proposed approach highlights its usefulness for the digital forensics (DF) domain. Originality/value The proposed model can help organizations to improve their DFR posture, and thus minimize the time and cost of cybercrime incidents.
While this article sets out to advance our knowledge about the characteristics of Nigerian cybercriminals (Yahoo-Boys), it is also the first study to explore the narratives of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) officers concerning them. It appraises symbolic interactionist insights to consider the ways in which contextual factors and worldview may help to illuminate officers' narratives of cybercriminals and the interpretations and implications of such accounts. Semi-structured interviews of forty frontline EFCC officers formed the empirical basis of this study and were subjected to a directed approach of qualitative content analysis. While prior studies, for example, indicated that only a group of cybercriminals deploy spiritual and magical powers to defraud victims (i.e. modus operandi), our data analysis extended this classification into more refined levels involving multiple features. In particular, analysis bifurcates cybercriminals and their operations based on three factors: educational-attainment, modus-operandi, and networks-collaborators. Results also suggest that these cybercriminals and their operations are embedded in masculinity-and-material-wealth. These contributions thus have implications for a range of generally accepted viewpoints about these cybercriminals previously taken-for-granted. Since these criminals have victims all over the world, insights from our study may help various local and international agencies [a] to understand the actions/features of these two groups of cybercriminals better and develop more effective response strategies. [b] to appreciate the vulnerabilities of their victims better and develop more adequate support schemes. We also consider the limitations of social control agents' narratives on criminals.
The information warfare can hit and completely break down critical IT infrastructure of an organization or a country. Cybercrime has many types, but, in this paper we have focused on DDoS attack into a computer network to spread bots throughout the network. DDoS attack can be used to sabotage a service or as a cover for bots delivery. In this paper an epidemic SIS - SEIRS model is proposed to represent the propagation of bots in computer network through DDoS attack. A mathematical model is also formulated to represent the dynamism of the members of different compartments of the model. The model provides an epidemic framework consisting of two sub frameworks to represent the internal class of nodes and external class of nodes. Numerical methods are employed to solve and simulate the system of equations developed. Results of numerical simulations are obtained using MATLAB.
In recent years, the disclosure of secrets through cyber infiltration of America's largest intelligence organization, the National Security Agency (NSA), has raised the fears of veteran intelligence officials and close allies around the globe that no institution or government is secure from those who roam the discrete halls of cyberspace. Although espionage has existed since before the days of the Greek mythological Trojan horse, no one could have envisioned the sophisticated use of espionage in today's networked world. Espionage has been used for political and military intelligence and economic and industrial pursuits with a lack of understanding of all of the impacts on our daily lives. In the context of foreign or international law, espionage is sometimes characterized as lawless, without controls or regulation, and it rarely distinguishes between economic and security based cyber espionage. Through empirical analysis this paper explores the treatment of espionage under various legal systems including those countries and regions considered the most advanced at cyber espionage, the United States, the United Kingdom, Russia and China. To provide greater insight into the different perspectives of cyber espionage from a legal standpoint, this paper distinguishes the law of national intelligence collection from the criminal laws of economic/industrial espionage on the domestic front. The purpose of this research is to analyze the development of cyber espionage as a preferred means of contemporary warfare, as well as a tool for economic and political intelligence. The paper concludes by responding to the challenges faced by nation-states in the development of an effective legal system governing espionage at the domestic and international level.
With the widespread use of encryption techniques in network instant messaging applications, encrypted traffic has become a great challenge for digital surveillance. As the threats of frauds and deceptions in social media communications have increased, Law Enforcement Agencies (LEAs) face tremendous problems in identifying anonymous suspects. Although the transferred message is encrypted, there are some digital trace evidences on the end users' Internet protocol (IP) address. This paper aims to investigate an effective mechanism to analyze the IP address of the voice over IP (VoIP) caller without any help from Internet Service Providers (ISPs) or other LEAs. In this paper, we propose a learning-based approach that integrates a decision tree by sniffing the LINE application VoIP network packets at the client-user side. Our proposed IP-address detection strategy can handle the identification of the end user. A decision-tree approach was adopted to analyze the target's remote IP address of VoIP calls in four scenarios. The accuracy rate for identifying the speaker's IP address for the decision tree was 65.1%. To improve the detection rates, other machine algorithms can be developed in future research.
The rise of malware attack and data leakage is putting the Internet at a higher risk. Digital forensic examiners responsible for cyber security incident need to continually update their processes, knowledge and tools due to changing technology. These attack activities can be investigated by means of Digital Triage Forensics (DTF) methodologies. DTF is a procedural model for the crime scene investigation of digital forensic applications. It takes place as a way of gathering quick intelligence, and presents methods of conducting pre/post-blast investigations. A DTF framework of Window malware forensic toolkit is further proposed. It is also based on ISO/IEC 27037: 2012 - guidelines for specific activities in the handling of digital evidence. The argument is made for a careful use of digital forensic investigations to improve the overall quality of expert examiners. This solution may improve the speed and quality of pre/post-blast investigations. By considering how triage solutions are being implemented into digital investigations, this study presents a critical analysis of malware forensics. The analysis serves as feedback for integrating digital forensic considerations, and specifies directions for further standardization efforts.
Open data promotes transparency and accountability as everyone can analyse it. Law enforcement and the judiciary are increasingly making data available, to increase trust and confidence in the criminal justice system. Due to privacy legislation, judicial open data - like court judgements - in Europe is usually anonymized. And even if the court judgement has been made public, the rest of the case file is usually not published. Therefore, the question arises to what extent criminological research into sentencing can make use of anonymized open data. We answer this question based on a case study in which we use the open data of the Dutch criminal justice system that is available on . Over the period 2015-2020, we analysed sentencing in 25,366 court judgements and investigated the relationship between sentence severity and the offender's use of advanced Information and Communication Technology (ICT). The most important results are, firstly, that offenders who use advanced ICT are sentenced to longer custodial sentences compared to other offenders. Secondly, sentencing research with open data is found to be feasible.
By nearly every metric, the status quo of information security is not working. The interaction matrix of attacker-defender dynamics strongly favors the attacker who only needs to be lucky once. We argue that employing social engineering active defense (SEAD) will be more effective to countering malicious actors than maintaining the traditional passive defensive strategy. The Offensive Countermeasures (OCM) approach to defense advocates for three categories of countermeasures: annoyance, attribution, and attack. Annoyance aims to waste the attacker's time and resources with the objective of not only deterrence but also to increase the probability of detection and attribution. Attribution attempts to identify who is launching the attack. Gathering as much threat intelligence on who the attacker is, provides the best possible defense against future attacks. Finally, attack involves running code on the attacker's system for the purpose of deterrence and attribution. In this work, we advocate for utilizing similar approaches to deny, degrade, and de-anonymize malicious actors by using social engineering tools, tactics, and procedures against the attackers. Rather than fearing the threats posed by synthetic media, cyber defenders should embrace these capabilities by turning these against criminals. Future research should explore ways to implement synthetic media and automated SEAD methods to degrade the capabilities of online malicious actors.
"The substantial improvements in development information and communication technologies led many economic and non-economic implications for the countries and in turn motivated the researchers to question the various effects of ICT especially in the light of economic crime. This study explores the short and long run influence of information and communication technologies on the shadow economy in 11 post-transition EU members over 1996-2015 period through second generation panel cointegration and causality tests regarding the cross-sectional dependence. The economic analyses disclosed that ICT indicators and human development had significant effects on the size of shadow economy in both short and long run. It was found that growing ICTs lead to reduction on the size of the shadow economy; in addition, human capital improvement policies serve as an important factor when tackling the shadow economy."
Malware perception is an important technique which has to be explored to analyze the corpus amount of malware in short duration for effective disaster management. Accurate analyses of malware must be done by detecting them in initial stage in an automatic way to avoid severe damage in Internet of Thing devices. This is enabled by visualizing malware by using a software-defined visual analytic system. Though many auto analysis techniques are present visualization of malware is one of the effective techniques preferred for large analysis. Malware exhibits malicious behavior on computing devices by installing harmful software such as viruses. The existing static and dynamic form of malware detection is an inefficient technique as it involve in disassembling of malicious code. In this project, the visualization of malware in the form of images is proposed in order to find the malicious insertion on the executable files of computing devices for extreme surveillance. The malware detection becomes easier to visualize the malicious behavior in form of images by feature based classification of images as the global property of exe gray scale image is unchanged. This will be an eye open in healing the security issues in cyber-crime and provide extreme surveillance.
Nowadays, the rise of cybercrime requires the companies to empower their business with innovative defensive mechanisms. This article focuses on the security of APIs and it proposes two methods to defend them against different types of injection attacks. The analyzed APIs belong to a large scale company and they respond to more than 10 000 requests per second, coming from applications that belong to totally different business domains. At the foundation of these solutions is the usage of the powerful Long Short Term Memory network and two different tokenization strategies: a word-level and a character-level. The solutions outperform the current model used by the company and they are able to detect an injection attack tentative sent by a client with 96% accuracy, in comparison with the model employed, which only achieves 92% accuracy.
"Database forensics is a domain that uses database content and metadata to reveal malicious activities on database systems in an Internet of Things environment. Although the concept of database forensics has been around for a while, the investigation of cybercrime activities and cyber breaches in an Internet of Things environment would benefit from the development of a common investigative standard that unifies the knowledge in the domain. Therefore, this paper proposes common database forensic investigation processes using a design science research approach. The proposed process comprises four phases, namely: 1) identification; 2) artefact collection; 3) artefact analysis; and 4) the documentation and presentation process. It allows the reconciliation of the concepts and terminologies of all common database forensic investigation processes; hence, it facilitates the sharing of knowledge on database forensic investigation among domain newcomers, users, and practitioners."
Contrary to committing hacking offences, becoming a victim of hacking has received scant research attention. This article addresses risk factors for this type of crime and explores its theoretical and empirical connectedness to the more commonly studied type of cybercrime victimization: online harassment. The results show that low self-control acts as a general risk factor in two ways. First, it leads to a higher risk of experiencing either one of these two distinct types of victimization within a 1-year period. Second, cumulatively the experiences of being hacked and harassed are also more prominent among this group. However, specific online behaviors predicted specific online victimization types (e.g., using social media predicted only harassment and not hacking). The results thus shed more light on the extent to which criminological theories are applicable across different types of Internet-related crime.
Advance Fee Fraud (AFF) is amongst the most prevalent and destructive forms of cybercrime. Scammers typically commit AFF by tricking victims into making upfront payments for goods or services that are never provided. These payments are small compared to the alleged gains, and can thus be attractive for victims, particularly if they are vulnerable or in a heightened emotional state. Given that approximately three billion fraudulent emails are sent every day, the scale and impact of AFF demands innovative approaches. In this paper we document the development of an automated victim for AFF. The system leverages GPT-3, a large language model, in conjunction with deliberately engineered prompts to generate plausible responses to AFF emails, allowing fraud to be disrupted and actionable information relating to perpetrators to be obtained.
Internet of Things (IoT) is a new domain which is designed to make human lives more comfortable and convenient. Conversely, it has also raised issues of security and privacy as a data-driven could-based ecosystem. IoT technology raises challenges for digital forensics investigators when working on cybercrime or digital intrusions. Among these challenges, protacting consumer privacy when conducting investigations is important and difficult. Currently, literature has shown that there is not a single agreed upon IoT-forensic standard model that can protect privacy of 3rd party consumers. This research will address this limitation by developing a privacy-aware IoT forensics model. In this paper, by mapping the ISO/IEC 27037 standard to the three layered reference architecture of IoT, the authors discuss the breach of privacy that may happen when investigating an IoT environment.
The increasing use of smartphones and cloud storage apps allows users to access their data anywhere, anytime. Due to the potential of mobile devices being used and/or targeted by criminals, such devices are an important source of evidence in investigations of both cybercrime and traditional crimes, such as drug trafficking. In this paper, we study the MEGA cloud client app, an increasingly popular alternative to Google Drive, Dropbox and OneDrive, on both Android and iOS platforms. In our study, we identify a range of artefacts arising from user activities, such as login, uploading, downloading, deletion, and the sharing of files, which could be forensically recovered, as well as findings such as modification of files' timestamps. Our findings contribute to an up-to-date understanding of cloud storage forensics.
The current increase in cybercrime is demanding more effective and efficient data exploration and analysis solutions that can help analysts to detect cyberattacks. However, the huge amount of data generated continuously confronts a number of technological difficulties and classical algorithms must be often redesigned to be able to deal with this seemingly endless stream of information coming from past activity logs and real-time data. In this paper, we propose a novel methodology able to identify security threats in activity logs. The contribution of the paper is twofold: we propose an encoding technique, based on prime numbers, that can be used to represent in a compact way a set of activities, we then describe an outlier detection algorithm which, based on the encoded activities, is able to detect malicious behavior. The extensive experimental analysis proved the effectiveness of the proposed methodology. (c) 2023 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
We describe a new supervised machine learning approach for detecting authorship deception, a specific type of authorship attribution task particularly relevant for cybercrime forensic investigations, and demonstrate its validity on two case studies drawn from realistic online data sets. The core of our approach involves identifying uncharacteristic behavior for an author, based on a writeprint extracted from unstructured text samples of the author's writing. The writeprints used here involve stylometric features and content features derived from topic models, an unsupervised approach for identifying relevant keywords that relate to the content areas of a document. One innovation of our approach is to transform the writeprint feature values into a representation that individually balances characteristic and uncharacteristic traits of an author, and we subsequently apply a Sparse Multinomial Logistic Regression classifier to this novel representation. Our method yields high accuracy for authorship deception detection on the two case studies, confirming its utility.
Our research explores the Italian banking sector. In particular it focuses on the analysis of the cyber risk management in Bene Banca, a Credit Cooperative Bank (BCC) in the North-West of Italy. This research represents a case study that can help us understand the context and the main characteristics of the methodology implied by Bene Banca in managing cyber risk. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews of an open-ended nature and questionnaires to directors, members of the audit committee, risk managers, compliance managers, internal audit function and anti-money laundering responsible. We decided to concentrate on this small bank because of its size and its role on the local territory and because the cyber risk management is outsourced. Furthermore we focus on the topic of cyber crime because IT attacks have increased drastically in recent years, both in terms of complexity and resources, and they cannot be stopped by single organizations, because they need a response at country level. Consequently this paper has been motivated by the gaps in the understanding and in considering cyber risk and cyber risk management as an integral part of the business management.
To further cybersecurity, there is interest in studying online cybercriminal communities to learn more about emerging cyber threats. Literature documents the existence of many online Internet Relay Chat (IRC) cybercriminal communities where cybercriminals congregate and share hacking tools, malware, and more. However, many cybercriminal community participants appear unskilled and have fleeting interests, making it difficult to detect potential long-term or key participants. This is a challenge for researchers and practitioners to quickly identify cybercriminals that may provide credible threat intelligence. Thus, we propose a computational approach to analyze cybercriminals IRC communities in order to identify potential long-term and key participants. We use the extended Cox model to scrutinize cybercriminal IRC participation for better understanding of behaviors exhibited by cybercriminals of importance. Results indicate that key cybercriminals may be quickly identifiable by assessing the scale of their interaction and networks with other participants.
This article analyzes the information and technological advancements made by the BRICS countries in the field of criminal proceedings, specifically in the process of gathering evidence in criminal investigations. The relevance of the research topic is explained by the widespread proliferation of computer-related crimes and other crimes committed using computer technologies. With the increase in cybercrime, the number of digital traces left behind by criminal activity is also increasing. This calls for the development of a new approach for detecting, recording, erasing and investigating these digital traces. Given the transnational and cross-border nature of cybercrime, it is necessary to pursue a policy of interaction among the law enforcement agencies of the BRICS countries in order to effectively provide legal assistance in criminal cases, preserve the electronic data obtained from users of information and telecommunications systems and transfer the data to interested countries upon request. This will aid in the formation of a regulatory framework for the information technology sector that meets modern challenges and requirements. Additionally, it is critical to borrow best practices in order to harmonize the criminal and criminal procedure legislation of the BRICS countries, as coordinated activities will ensure closer cooperation between the countries in the socio-economic and cultural spheres, allowing for the achievement of greater results in these areas. Furthermore, the article demonstrates a new approach to the study of the comparative legal nature of the various legal systems in the BRICS countries. The conclusion reached is that the harmonization of criminal procedure systems essentially comes down to the detection of electronic data, the recording of that data in electronic form, the storage of case materials and the submission of those materials to the court in electronic form. The legal consolidation of these steps will make it possible to introduce electronic document management, thereby enabling the optimization of criminal procedure activities, the objective recording of evidentiary information and the assurance of savings in material and procedural costs associated with criminal proceedings.
Internet of Things (IoT) is a unique element in the realm of Cybersecurity. It constitutes countless applications, including defense, health, agriculture, finance, amongst other industries. The majority of existing studies focus on various developments of IoT products and services essential to our day-to-day activities, with little emphasis on the security of developed systems. This has led to the proliferation of IoT solutions acquired through rapid development and overlooking the need for a structured security framework during the systems' development stages. IoT security capability can be improved by using complementary technologies. This paper explores applying Risk-Based Access Control Model using Blockchain to control access to IoT devices. Although current access control models provide efficient security measures to control who can access the system resources, there is no way to detect and prevent malicious attacks after granting access. The proposed solution utilizes smart contracts under the Hyperledger Fabric (HLF) Blockchain Framework to create access permissions and measure the security risks associated with any event in the IoT system and create access permissions to determine what processes may be performed. This will allow the detection of any malicious activity at the early stages of the attack and grant or deny access based on the risk associated with any activity.
Bitcoin has introduced a new concept that could feasibly revolutionise the entire Internet as it exists, and positively impact on many types of industries including, but not limited to, banking, public sector and supply chain. This innovation is grounded on pseudo-anonymity and strives on its innovative decentralised architecture based on the blockchain technology. Blockchain is pushing forward a race of transaction-based applications with trust establishment without the need for a centralised authority, promoting accountability and transparency within the business process. However, a blockchain ledger (e.g., Bitcoin) tend to become very complex and specialised tools, collectively called Blockchain Analytics, are required to allow individuals, law enforcement agencies and service providers to search, explore and visualise it. Over the last years, several analytical tools have been developed with capabilities that allow, e.g., to map relationships, examine flow of transactions and filter crime instances as a way to enhance forensic investigations. This paper discusses the current state of blockchain analytical tools and presents a thematic taxonomy model based on their applications. It also examines open challenges for future development and research.
Ransomware is a recent form of malware that encrypts the files on a target computer until a specific amount (ransom) is paid to the attacker. As a result, in addition to aggressively spreading and disrupting victim's data and operation, differently from most cyberattacks, ransomware implements a revenue model. Specifically, it creates a hostage-like situation in which the victim is threatened with the risk of data loss and forced into a negotiation. In this paper, we use game theory to approach this unique aspect of ransomware, and we present a model for analyzing the strategies behind decisions in dealing with human-controlled attacks. Although the game-theoretical model does not contribute to recovering encrypted files, it can be utilized to understand potential prevention measures, and it can be utilized to further investigate similar types of cybercrime.
"Cybercrime is on the rise. With the ongoing digitization of our society, it is expected that, sooner or later, all organizations have to deal with cyberattacks; hence organizations need to be more cyber resilient. This paper presents a novel framework of cyber resilience, integrating models from resilience engineering and human behavior. Based on a pilot study with nearly 60 small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in the Netherlands, this paper shows that the proposed framework holds the promise for better development of human aspects of cyber resilience within organizations. The framework provides organizations with diagnostic capability into how to better prepare for emerging cyber threats, while assuring the viability of human aspects of cyber security critical to their business continuity. Moreover, knowing the sources of behavior that predict cyber resiliency may help in the development of successful behavioral intervention programs."
The current study examines recommendations for addressing organizational members who fall prey to social engineering as a matter of organizational policy through a qualitative analysis of interviews with organizational IT security administrators, IT security auditors, and social engineers. The results of this analysis indicate that participants had an aversion to punitive approaches to security failures. Instead, they tended to favor education as a more pragmatic and humane solution. Others argued that emphasis should be given to rewarding positive security behavior over punishing lapses. Few participants contended that there is a time and place for harsher sanctions but generally only for repeat offenders. Implications for security policy, deterrence theory, and reintegrative shaming theory are considered.
We describe a case-control study to identify risk factors that are associated with higher rates of webserver compromise. We inspect a random sample of around 200 000 webservers and automatically identify attributes hypothesized to affect the susceptibility to compromise, notably content management system (CMS) and webserver type. We then cross-list this information with data on webservers hacked to serve phishing pages or redirect to unlicensed online pharmacies. We find that webservers running WordPress and Joomla are more likely to be hacked than those not running any CMS, and that servers running Apache and Nginx are more likely to be hacked than those running Microsoft IIS. Furthermore, using a series of logistic regressions, we find that a CMS's market share is positively correlated with website compromise. Finally, we examine the link between webservers running outdated software and being compromised. Contrary to conventional wisdom, we find that servers running outdated versions of WordPress (the most popular CMS platform) are less likely to be hacked than those running more recent versions. We present evidence that this may be explained by the low install base of outdated software.
This chapter will conclude by revisiting the original aims of this book. Namely, to consider the goals of data protection and explore the application and relevance in the cybersecurity context. Although data protection is primarily concerned with the protection of an individual's personal data, a cyber attack or a data security breach can inevitably lead to the loss of data involving an individual's personal information. Whilst cybersecurity continues to be a high priority on the government's agenda, it is perfectly conceivable whether the existing framework (through the Cybercrime Convention and the European EU Electronic Communications framework and the Cybersecurity Directive and Data Protection Regulation) can at least address some of the shortcomings. It will conclude that any proposed change in the Regulator's role to enforce the laws will be a challenging one.
One of the most dangerous aspects that the computer world glimpses are threats to security. It estimated that about 3 billion dollars in cybercrime lost each year. It expected that this figure would double by 2021. In this implementation, the researcher presents the performances of hybrid techniques to identified risks speedily using RFC-RST technique of network intrusion detection system. The main idea is to take the benefit of different models abilities of random forest classifier and rough set theory. Random forest classifier used for attributes selection of datasets and Rough set theory implemented for rules generation. The model experiment did through the Python, Rough set exploration system, and R programming. The aim here is to find the minimum number of rules that could be the representation of knowledge provided by the dataset.
Ransomware is not only the bane of private businesses and publicly-traded companies, it has steadily targeted municipal governmental entities over the past couple of years. Such attacks can cripple a city's ability to provide services and support for its residents. Since these attacks are reported upon in the press, do an attacked community's citizens change their behavior in the wake of the attack? In this study, the security precautions being taken by residents within 20 miles of an attacked community were compared with Internet users living further away from the attacks. Using spatial analysis software like ArcGIS and GWR, we analyzed the data procured from an online survey of American Internet users and found that local learning complements users' prior victimization from cybercrime and their own self-interest to influence their cautious behavior online.
Computer networks have fallen easy prey to cyber attacks in the ever-evolving internet services. Domain Name System (DNS) has also not remained untouched with these cybercrime attempts. Encrypted HyperText Transfer Protocol (HTTP) traffic over Secure Socket Layer (SSL), alternatively called HTTPS, has succeeded to prevent DNS attacks to a great extent. To secure DNS traffic, the security community has introduced the concept of DNS over HTTPS (DoH) to improve user privacy and security by combating eavesdropping and DNS data manipulation on the way to prevent Man-inthe-Middle (MitM) attacks. This paper discusses one of the persistent security concerns, abuse of DNS protocol to create covert channels by tunneling data through DNS packets. We identify tunneling activities that utilize DNS communications over HTTPS by presenting a two-layered approach to detect and characterize DoH traffic using time-series classifiers.
Ethereum's high attention, rich business, certain anonymity, and untraceability have attracted a group of attackers. Cybercrime on it has become increasingly rampant, among which scam behavior is convenient, cryptic, antagonistic and resulting in large economic losses. So we consider the scam behavior on Ethereum and investigate it at the node interaction level. Based on the life cycle and risk identification points we found, we propose an automatic detection model named Aparecium. First, a graph generation method which focus on the scam life cycle is adopted to mitigate the sparsity of the scam behaviors. Second, the life cycle patterns are delicate modeled because of the crypticity and antagonism of Ethereum scam behaviors. Conducting experiments in the wild Ethereum datasets, we prove Aparecium is effective which the precision, recall and F1-score achieve at 0.977, 0.957 and 0.967 respectively.
Scams remain among top cybercrime incidents happening around the world. Individuals with high susceptibility to persuasion are considered as risk-takers and prone to be scam victims. Unfortunately, limited number of research is done to investigate the relationship between appeal techniques and individuals' personality thus hindering a proper and effective campaigns that could help to raise awareness against scam. In this study, the impact of fear and rational appeal were examined as well as to identify suitable approach for individuals with high susceptibility to persuasion. To evaluate the approach, pretest and posttest surveys with 3 separate controlled laboratory experiments were conducted. This study found that rational appeal treatment has a significantly stronger impact than the fear appeal. This result is a starting point in suggesting that rational appeal is a promising means in persuading individuals with high susceptibility to persuasion.
"The rapid increase in cybercrime, causing a reported annual economic loss of $600 billion [20], has prompted a critical need for effective cyber defense. Strategic criminals conduct network reconnaissance prior to executing attacks to avoid detection and establish situational awareness via scanning and fingerprinting tools. Cyber deception attempts to foil these reconnaissance efforts; by disguising network and system attributes, among several other techniques. Cyber Deception Games (CDG) is a game-theoretic model for optimizing strategic deception, and can apply to various deception methods. Recently introduced initial model for CDGs assumes zero sum payoffs, implying directly conflicting attacker motives, and perfect defender knowledge on attacker preferences. These unrealistic assumptions are fundamental limitations of the initial zero-sum model, which we address by proposing a general-sum model that can also handle uncertainty in the defender's knowledge."
Malwares attack such as by the worm, virus, trojan horse and botnet have caused lots of troublesome for many organisations and users which lead to the cybercrime. Living in a cyber world, being infected by these malwares becoming more common. Nowadays the malwares attack especially by the trojan horse is becoming more sophisticated and intelligent, makes it is harder to be detected than before. Therefore, in this research paper, a new model called Efficient Trojan Detection Model (ETDMo) is built to detect trojan horse attacks more efficiently. In this model, the static, dynamic and automated analyses were conducted and the machine learning algorithms were applied to optimize the performance. Based on the experiment conducted, the Sequential Minimal Optimization (SMO) algorithm has outperformed other machine learning algorithms with 98.2 % of true positive rate and with 1.7 % of false positive rate.
When conducting modern cybercrime investigations, evidence has often to be gathered from computer systems located at cloud-based data centres of hosting providers. In cases where the investigation cannot rely on the cooperation of the hosting provider, or where documentation is not available, investigators can often find the identification of which distinct server among many is of interest difficult and extremely time consuming. To address the problem of identifying these servers, in this paper a new approach to rapidly and reliably identify these cloud hosting computer systems is presented. In the outlined approach, a handheld device composed of an embedded computer combined with a method of undetectable interception of Ethernet based communications is presented. This device is tested and evaluated, and a discussion is provided on its usefulness in identifying of server of interest to an investigation.
Cybercrime becomes a real problem in the everyday operation of production plants, industrial control systems, and other technical devices. The purpose of this article is to demonstrate that on-line diagnostics is an effective way to recognize cyberattacks. The security assurance system against cyberattacks for Industrial Control Systems is layered. The article discusses the possibility of the usage of known methods of process diagnostics to recognize cyberattacks in the Industrial Control Systems as an additional protection layer. Cyberattacks manifest with a variety of changes in the operation of the control system and the process flow deviating from its normal state. The discussed concept is to detect such changes based on models, evaluate them and on this basis conclude about the primary reason of abnormal operation, including the detection of cyberattack. Simple examples of such detection system are also presented.
Nowadays, there is an ever-growing need to investigate, consult and communicate through the internet. This need leads to the intensification of free access to the web in strategic and functional points for the benefit of the community. However, this open access is also related to the increase of information insecurity. The existing works on computer security primarily focus on the development of techniques to reduce cyber-attacks. However, these approaches do not address the sector of inexperienced users who have difficulty understanding browser settings. Two methods can solve this problem: first the development of friendly browsers with intuitive setups for new users and on the other hand, by implementing awareness programs on essential security without deepening on technical information. This article addresses an analysis of the vulnerabilities of wireless equipment that provides internet service in the open access zones and the potential risks that could be found when using these means.
With the development of new technologies, cyber security risks have become a matter of great concern among hospitality managers. This work studies the relationship between hospitality workers' awareness and training about the risks of cybercrime on one hand, and the number of cyberattacks suffered by firms on the other. Using representative data for EU-27 small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in 2021, we show that hospitality firms whose workers are not properly aware of cyber risks are victim of more security breaches. However, current formal training practices are not being successful at decreasing the attacks suffered. Moreover, cybercrimes are positively associated with the use of personal devices and firms' degree of digitalization. Our findings have important implications for hospitality management, suggesting that (i) better ICT training is needed to decrease the likelihood of suffering cyberattacks, and (ii) the use of personal devices at work is a commonly neglected risk factor.
In recent months, the demand for services provided on the Internet (scientific conferences, training, webinars) has increased. As this activity grew, so did cybercrime. Social networks share invitations to various training and webinars. We also receive similar announcements via e-mail. It is not difficult to accidentally click on the attached link. The submitted URL may contain a script. The script may infect our device or steal our login details. We have developed a new security protocol - Amelia, to protect against responding to a false invitation to a web event. Our protocol makes it possible to check if the link sent is valid. Also, it enables the generation of unique user identifiers. Amelia protocol provides users' verification and distribution of symmetric session keys. We conducted a study of our protocol. We checked its vulnerability to Intruder attacks. The obtained results are promising. We did not find an attack on this protocol.
Objective: This study aimed to determine the impact of criminal policy on cyberbullying in Indonesia. Cyberbullying is indeed a contemporary issue, as the advancement of technology has increased the number of instances of cyberbullying that are detrimental to society. Methods: The method of this study was qualitative because it was based on the interview protocols that were taken with careful consideration to analyse to what extent criminal policy in Indonesia affects cyberbullying in Indonesia. The target population for the interviews was the criminal justice system and cybercrime department. Results: The study demonstrates that the criminal policy alone is ineffective in preventing cyberbullying, but it is also society's social and moral responsibility to fight against this crime. Conclusion: This study provides significant theoretical and practical implications that are important to consider eliminating the social and moral crime of cyberbullying that is disturbing children socially and psychologically.
Ransomware is a new business model for cybercrime which mainly targets individual users and machines. Many events have shown how profitable the technique can be. Industrial control systems (ICS) are becoming the next domain. More and more researchers and attackers have become the focus on this field and presented some ICS ransomware. But existing ICS ransomware is theoretically feasible and has a limited effect on real ICS. In this work, we present ICS-BROCK, a full-fledged ICS ransomware that can compromise a real-world. To demonstrate the capability of ICS-BROCK, we use SIEMENS S7-300 PLC, one of the most widely used devices in ICSs, to build a real water treatment environment. The results empirically demonstrate the feasibility of launching ICS ransomware attacks in a practical setting. In the end, we give some suggestions on ICS ransomware to aid in future study and defenses.
"Ransomware became the face of cybercrime in 2017 when waves of attacks breached business information systems, locking critical information. At first it appeared the perfect crime where whole organizations had lost access to their vital information and the only way out was to pay the attackers in Bitcoin for the key to the lock. However, the Ransomware business model requires the formation of a trust relationship between the attacker and the victim; and the potential for the formation and maintenance of a trust relationship became rapidly eroded by identifiable points of failure. In order to better understand the phenomena we spent 12 months of emersion in an exploratory study observing the business processes and technologies associated with Ransomware. We conclude that negative risk is still apparent for unprepared organizations, but within a period of time the erosion of trust will render the Ransomware crime uneconomical and the model ineffective."
In this article, the authors lay the foundation for the emerging area of research on online protest tactics mobilized against business. The authors offer a definition of online business protest tactics and distinguish them from related activities such as electronic civil disobedience and cybercrime. They also appeal to the interest-group literature as one theoretical foundation for this area of research. Based on the degree to which each tactic involves intrusion, disruption, or damage, the authors categorize the array of online business protest tactics into a typology, providing definitions and illustrative examples from the business press for each. They advance a dualistic framework to evaluate the intermediate and ultimate effectiveness of the various online business protest tactics using a set of criteria relevant to both online and off-line environments, and conclude by suggesting avenues for future research.
Pirates on the virtual sea are supplying their illicit digital content and goods through cyberlockers and darknet markets. The deep web hosts darknet marketplaces selling a variety of wares, such as narcotics and weapons, and is testimony to the growth of illicit trade on the internet. The challenge of web sites that host digital content piracy is exacerbated through linkages to a variety of nnalware schemes that have created a lucrative crimeware economy. Digital thieves target unsuspecting consumers as digital bait to derive profits from a variety of malware schemes such as ransomware and malvertising. The hijacking of access to computers and their digital content in order to ransom them back to consumers or organizations is considered to be one of the leading threats of internet crime. Malvertising schemes are plaguing the internet advertising business-criminals are reaping profits by posting legitimate advertisements at content theft sites or using an army of botnets to fake advertising traffic. A variety of stratagems are evolving to curb this illicit trade, including fostering multi-lateral enforcement tactics, updating legislation to circumvent this type of crime on the internet, training digital savvy citizens, and creating private-sector remedies. (C) 2016 Kelley School of Business, Indiana University. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Cybercrime is on the increase and attacks are becoming ever more sophisticated. Organisations are investing huge sums of money and vast resources in trying to establish effective and timely countermeasures. This is still a game of catch up, where hackers have the upper hand and potential victims are trying to produce secure systems hardened against what feels like are inevitable future attacks. The focus so far has been on technology and not people and the amount of resource allocated to countermeasures and research into cyber security attacks follows the same trend. This paper adds to the growing body of work looking at social engineering attacks and therefore seeks to redress this imbalance to some extent. The objective is to produce a model for social engineering that provides a better understanding of the attack process such that improved and timely countermeasures can be applied and early interventions implemented.
Journal hijacking, which refers to the attempted brand takeover of a journal by a third party, is a nascent threat confronting the information systems (IS) community, as evidenced by cybercriminals having established an online presence, masquerading as the Scandinavian Journal of Information Systems (SJIS). The SJIS hijacking damages the journal's reputation, leads to payment and publication scams, involves identity theft among unsuspecting IS researchers, and results in tarnished author reputations. Beyond SJIS, journal hijacking presents a threat, not only to the IS community, but also to science and academic integrity in general if researchers and readers cannot distinguish between fake publications by hijacked journals and real publications by legitimate journals. In this opinion article, we relate the story of the SJIS hijacking from the victims' perspectives. We describe its many aspects, draw attention to the key factors that contribute to the problem, and offer our perspectives on different response strategies in the absence of simple solutions. We hope to create awareness about the problem and stimulate a discussion in the IS community, not least in the face of digital innovations, such as ChatGPT and other artificial intelligence technologies that may inadvertently support paper mills and the production of fake research results.
AimResearch on deception detection has usually been executed in experimental settings in the laboratory. In contrast, the present research investigates deception detection by actual victims and near victims of fraud, as reported in their own words. Materials and methodsOur study is based on a nationally representative survey of 11 types of (mostly) online fraud victimization (N = 2,864). We used qualitative information from actual victims and near victims on why they didn't fall for the fraud, or how, in hindsight, it could have been prevented. ResultsThe main detection strategies mentioned by near victims (N = 958) were 1) fraud knowledge (69%): these near victims clearly recognized fraud. Other strategies related to fraud knowledge were: noticing mistakes (27.9%), rules and principles about safe conduct (11.7%), and personal knowledge (7.1%). A second type of strategy was distrust (26.1%). A third strategy was 'wise through experience' (1.6%). Finally, a limited number of respondents (7.8%) searched for additional information: they contacted other people (5.5%), sought information online (4%), contacted the fraudster (2.9%), contacted their bank or credit card company (2.2%), or contacted the police (0.2%). Using knowledge as a strategy decreases the probability of victimization by a factor of 0.43. In contrast, all other strategies increased the likelihood of victimization by a factor of 1.6 or more. Strategies generally were uncorrelated, several strategies differed by type of fraud. About 40% of the actual victims (N = 243) believed that their victimization might have been prevented by: 1) seeking information (25.2%), 2) paying more attention (18.9%), 3) a third party doing something (16.2%), 4) following safety rules or principles, like using a safer way of paying or trading (14.4%), or by 5) 'simply not going along with it' (10.8%). Most of these strategies were associated with a higher, not lower, likelihood of victimization. ConclusionClearly, knowledge of fraud is the best strategy to avoid fraud victimization. Therefore, a more proactive approach is needed to inform the public about fraud and attackers' modus operandi, so that potential victims already have knowledge of fraud upon encountering it. Just providing information online will not suffice to protect online users.
Underground forums allow users to interact with communities focused on illicit activities. They serve as an entry point for actors interested in deviant and criminal topics. Due to the pseudo-anonymity provided, they have become improvised marketplaces for trading illegal products and services, including those used to conduct cyberattacks. Thus, these forums are an important data source for threat intelligence analysts and law enforcement. The use of multiple accounts is forbidden in most forums since these are mostly used for malicious purposes. Still, this is a common practice. Being able to identify an actor or gang behind multiple accounts allows for proper attribution in online investigations, and also to design intervention mechanisms for illegal activities. Existing solutions for multi-account detection either require ground truth data to conduct supervised classification or use manual approaches. In this work, we propose a methodology for the large-scale identification of related accounts in underground forums. These accounts are similar according to the distinctive content posted, and thus are likely to belong to the same actor or group. The methodology applies to various domains and leverages distinctive artefacts and personal information left online by the users. We provide experimental results on a large dataset comprising more than 1.1M user accounts from 15 different forums. We show how this methodology, combined with existing approaches commonly used in social media forensics, can assist with and improve online investigations. (c) 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
There are several challenges facing criminal justice stakeholders with the emergence of this form of criminality, aptly termed nonconsensual pornography. The current study will examine the management and experiences of a newer form of cybercrime, non consensual pornography, by an imperative category of criminal justice stakeholders: county and district prosecutor offices in the United States. With data collected from electronic surveys, this exploratory study will investigate the frequency these offices are experiencing nonconsensual pornography cases, and any significant factors that affect the sanctions administered by the court system. Results indicated prosecutor offices experienced revenge pornography crimes more so than any other form of nonconsensual pornography. In addition, the results from both quantitative models indicated more years of practice of law in a current state increased the likelihood of revenge pornography cases prosecuted receiving a sanction of incarceration and/or fine.
Botnets are becoming the predominant threat on the Internet today and is the primary vector for carrying out attacks against organizations and individuals. Botnets have been used in a variety of cybercrime, from click-fraud to DDOS attacks to the generation of spam. In this paper we propose an approach to detect botnet activity by classifying network traffic behavior using machine learning classification techniques. We study the feasibility of detecting botnet activity without having seen a complete network flow by classifying behavior based on time intervals and we examine the performance of two popular classification techniques with respect to this data. Using existing datasets, we show experimentally that it is possible to identify the presence of botnet activity with high accuracy even with very small time windows, though there are some limitations to the approach based on the selection of attributes.
The skills of forensic analysts are at risk to process the increasing data in the Internet of Things-based environment platforms. However, the technical issues like anti-forensics, variety of traffic formats, steganography or encrypted data, and real-time live investigation degrades the performance of the cyber forensic framework. Therefore, an effective method named Sunflower Jaya Optimization-based Deep stacked autoencoder (SFJO-based Deep stacked autoencoder) is proposed to perform the cyber forensic framework. The finite element model of Sunflower optimization is integrated with the control parameters of Jaya optimization to solve the issues in the cyber forensic framework. The proposed SFJO-based Deep stacked autoencoder uses the pollination and the peculiar behaviors to enable the cyber forensic framework based on the error value in the big data analytics model. Accordingly, the solution with the minimal value of error is accepted as the best optimal solution by computing the orientation vector. However, the proposed model is illustrated based on the unconstrained benchmark function, which in turn results in the fitness function to reveal the best candidate solution. The proposed SFJO-based Deep stacked autoencoder attained better performance using metrics like precision, sensitivity, and specificity with the values of 0.9053, 0.8865, and 0.8839 using dataset-1.
Increasing numbers of people fall victim to blackmail on social media. Yet, there has been little attempt to synthesise research on this topic. This study seeks to address this gap by investigating what is currently known about blackmail and the disclosure of sensitive information on social media. Two rapid reviews were conducted and based on their findings those who disclose more information, are younger, female and willing to use social media to create and distribute images are more likely to fall victim to blackmail on social media. However, worry about privacy and the possibility of becoming a victim of blackmail on social media did not necessarily prevent the disclosure of sensitive information. The implications of these findings for interventions and future research are discussed.
Searching and seizing voluminous data is a challenge that Indonesian law enforcement authorities should resolve. Indonesia does not have a comprehensive regime on personal data protection. The absence of a coherent legal framework on personal data protection does not negate the obligation of Indonesian law enforcement authorities to protect personal data of Indonesian subjects. However, the absence of the framework may lead to uncertainties or ambiguities on how the authorities should protect personal data. Against the uncertainties and ambiguities, Indonesian law enforcement authorities should resolve issues of voluminous data in obtaining e-information with the prevailing legislation. This article attempts to answer the question: how may Indonesian law enforcement authorities interpret the current law to establish a coherent legal framework to protect personal data in searching or seizing voluminous data? The interpretation is instrumental in supporting the development of the Indonesian regime on personal data protection. It proposes that the Indonesian criminal procedure law should emphasise the active role of the chief judges of competent district courts and should incorporate particularity and proportionality as conditions and safeguards in the execution of search and seizure.
Monitoring security properties of cyber systems at runtime is necessary if the preservation of such properties cannot be guaranteed by formal analysis of their specification. It is also necessary if the runtime interactions between their components that are distributed over different types of local and wide area networks cannot be fully analyzed before putting the systems in operation. The effectiveness of runtime monitoring depends on the trustworthiness of the runtime system events, which are analyzed by the monitor. In this paper, we describe an approach for assessing the trustworthiness of such events. Our approach is based on the generation of possible explanations of runtime events based on a diagnostic model of the system under surveillance using abductive reasoning, and the confirmation of the validity of such explanations and the runtime events using belief based reasoning. The assessment process that we have developed based on this approach has been implemented as part of the EVEREST runtime monitoring framework and has been evaluated in a series of simulations that are discussed in the paper. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Making the sale, possession and distribution of the tools of hacking a criminal offence has obvious attractions. But many such tools are dual use and new laws run the risk of significantly inhibiting the activities of investigators, incident responders, penetration testers and academics. Recent UK attempts at framing such a law are discussed in order to show the broader problems of policy and wording. (c) 2006 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
The rapid development of cross-border e-commerce over the past decade has accelerated the integration of the global economy. At the same time, cross-border e-commerce has increased the prevalence of cybercrime, and the future success of e-commerce depends on enhanced online privacy and security. However, investigating security incidents is time- and cost-intensive as identifying telltale anomalies and the source of attacks requires the use of multiple forensic tools and technologies and security domain knowledge. Prompt responses to cyber-attacks are important to reduce damage and loss and to improve the security of cross-border e-commerce. This article proposes a digital forensic model for first incident responders to identify suspicious system behaviors. A prototype system is developed and evaluated by incident response handlers. The model and system are proven to help reduce time and effort in investigating cyberattacks. The proposed model is expected to enhance security incident handling efficiency for cross-border e-commerce.
Existing antivirus products employ diverse types of techniques to detect malware or any suspicious activities. The majority of such techniques rely on signature-based detection algorithms. However, the speed of such detection algorithms may adversely impact the performance of the antivirus products (e.g., if used for online virus scanning). In this paper, we review existing research that proposed fast and efficient signature-based algorithms to dynamically improve the time and accuracy of virus detection. We classify and discuss the different algorithms according to the type of analysis they perform (i.e., static, dynamic or hybrid). In addition, we evaluate existing virus detection algorithms using different design issues and performance criteria, namely (a) memory cost, (b) time complexity, and (c) detection rates. In addition, we discuss how certain design choices of signature-based approaches can only apply to specific virus detection circumstances. Finally, we present the current research challenges of using signature-based algorithms for investigating cybercrime activities.
With the increasing popularity of cloud services and their potential to either be the target or the tool in a cybercrime activity, organizational cloud services users need to ensure that they are able to collect evidential data should they be involved in litigation or a criminal investigation. In this paper, we seek to contribute to a better understanding of the technical issues and processes regarding collection of evidential data in the cloud computing environment. Using VMware vCloud as a case study in this paper, we describe the various artefacts available in the cloud environment and identify several forensic preservation considerations for forensics practitioners. We then propose a six-step process for the remote programmatic collection of evidential data to ensure as few changes as possible are made as part of evidence collection and that no potential evidence is missed. The six-step process is implemented in a proof of concept application to demonstrate utility of the process.
The Shadow Brokers (TSB) are an infamous group of hackers responsible for major cybercrime incidents. There are currently few studies on TSB, and to prevent their attacks in the future, we believe it is necessary to study them beforehand. This study constructs a relation graph of all the entities concerning TSB using identifiers in the Web. We introduce a systematic approach to finding relations among entities using a case study based on identifiers and clearness of relations. Our investigation covers data from both the Surface Web and Dark Web, with our Dark Web data consisting of over 40 million Dark Web webpages. We have uncovered many hacking forums, hacking groups, and individuals having a relation with TSB using our method. The relation graph of TSB will become a stepping stone in developing a knowledge base of TSB.
The study investigates the influence of information and Communication Technology on behavior problems of Nigerian youths. A self administered survey was conducted with 550 convenience samples of university undergraduates in three universities in Benue State, Nigeria. Four research questions and four hypotheses guided the study. Descriptive statistics, mean, standard deviation and multiple regression statistics were used to analyze the data. The empirical results indicate that there is a joint significant influence of ICT, school, sex and age on cybercrime, aggressive behavior, truancy and sex crimes among youths. However while ICT remained constant and significant, none of the other variables contributed significantly independently. The study recommends that guidance counselors and clinical psychologists at both post primary and tertiary institutions should use appropriate skills and techniques to assist in curbing the identified behavior problems. (C) 2013 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Cyberspace used by all the institutions and structures of the EU and EC (developing networks of common use and specialized networks), with a wide access for individual customers. All of this is governed by relatively few regulations. However, given that Community law (acquis communautaire) is a hierarchically organized system of rules, it should initially be assumed that regulations on cyberspace would become a part of this system, i.e. subsystem. The common interest requires that the network users know those regulations and that measures for the elimination of cybercrime have been taken. The purpose of this article is to analyze the laws in terms of their legitimacy with the intent of the legislature and the public needs for cyber bullying in Poland and the EU law. (C) 2014 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd. Selection and peer review under responsibility of Organizing Committee of BEM 2013.
Air pollution has a severe impact on human physical and mental health. When the air quality is poor enough to cause respiratory irritation, people tend to stay home and avoid any outdoor activities. In addition, air pollution may cause mental health problems (depression and anxiety) which were associated with high crime risk. Therefore, in this study, it is hypothesized that increasing air pollution level is associated with higher indoor crime rates, but negatively associated with outdoor crime rates because it restricts people's daily outdoor activities. Three types of crimes were used for this analysis: robbery (outdoor crime), domestic violence (indoor crime), and fraud (cybercrime). The results revealed that the geographically and temporally weighted regression (GTWR) model performed best with lower AIC values. In general, in the higher population areas with more severe air pollution, local authorities should allocate more resources, extra police officers, or more training programs to help them prevent domestic violence, rather than focusing on robbery.
Nowadays, banking, mobile phone communications, transportation, and other daily services are closely intertwined with the Internet. However, although online services make our lives more convenient and manageable, criminals have found ways of accessing users via the Internet to steal sensitive information such as passwords and bank details. This can cost Internet users dearly. Elderly users are the main target for online criminals, due to their relative lack of knowledge about the Internet and its risks. Therefore, they often become victims of various types of cybercrime. This paper studies the effects of security awareness on elderly users and their ability to detect phishing attacks in social media. With this approach, a real experiment was conducted to evaluate the effects of security awareness on WhatsApp application users in their daily communications. The results of the experiment revealed that phishing awareness training has a significant positive effect on the ability of elderly users to identify phishing messages, thereby avoiding attacks.
Cybercrime is costly both for businesses and consumers. Criminals can have different purposes, such as financial winnings, defacement and disruption, which not only cause financial loss but also damage organization's reputation and image. To prevent a number of cybercrimes and simple mistakes, such as not insuring that all traffic into and out of a network pass through firewall, security of e-commerce systems should be considered from the very beginning, i.e. early stage of the e-commerce software development. This is due to software vulnerabilities are a huge security problem. Therefore, to enhance security of e-commerce software, we propose the use of multi-agent system. The research in this paper is focused mainly on the design of agents that provide support to engineers during development process. Moreover, the multi-agent system, presented in this research, supports implementation of patterns and extraction of security information, and provides traceability of security requirements in the engineering process.
Computer security is a matter of great interest. In the last decade there have been numerous cases of cybercrime based on the exploitation of software vulnerabilities. This fact has generated a great social concern and a greater importance of computer security as a discipline. In this work, the most important vulnerabilities of recent years are identified, classified, and categorized individually. A measure of the impact of each vulnerability is used to carry out this classification, considering the number of products affected by each vulnerability, as well as its severity. In addition, the categories of vulnerabilities that have the greatest presence are identified. Based on the results obtained in this study, we can understand the consequences of the most common vulnerabilities, which software products are affected, how to counteract these vulnerabilities, and what their current trend is.
In this modern, technological age, the internet has been adopted by the masses. And with it, the danger of malicious attacks by cybercriminals have increased. These attacks are done via Malware, and have resulted in billions of dollars of financial damage. This makes the prevention of malicious attacks an essential part of the battle against cybercrime. In this paper, we are applying machine learning algorithms to predict the malware infection rates of computers based on its features. We are using supervised machine learning algorithms and gradient boosting algorithms. We have collected a publicly available dataset, which was divided into two parts, one being the training set, and the other will be the testing set. After conducting four different experiments using the aforementioned algorithms, it has been discovered that LightGBM is the best model with an AUC Score of 0.73926.
Hackerspaces are physical community spaces where technology enthusiasts meet. Despite the term 'hacking' being widely associated with cybercrime, hackerspaces are not only perfectly legal but resourceful, skilled communities: members cultivate digital expertise and technological craftsmanship in experiential learning practices. While the educational value of hackerspaces has been rightfully acknowledged, not everyone equally benefits from potential learning opportunities. Many hackerspaces struggle with issues related to communal homogeneity, being frequently dominated by white, male members. Underrepresented groups, notably women, non-binary, genderqueer, and transgender members, have experienced discrimination and harassment. In response, explicitly feminist hackerspaces emerged. How are learning approaches and involved technology different in such feminist hacking communities? More specifically, how do feminist hackerspaces choose, discuss, and shape technology in their learning practices and educational approaches? Methodologically drawing on a single case study approach, the paper argues that hackerspaces have the potential to act as intersectional, technofeminist sites for experiential learning.
This paper is devoted to a new sphere of the Russian humanitarian knowledge and practice of ensuring the media security of children on social networks, which can be considered as the prior channel of mass media, especially for this demographic category of teens. The researchers consider that media security is the state of protection of the essential interests of the individual against threats coming from mass media systems. There exists the law on the protection of children from information harmful to their health and development in Russia, but most of its requirements do not apply to social networks because their legal status as the mass media in Russia remains undetermined. While the level of cybercrime in social networks is extremely high, Russian schools ignore this problem. At the end the researchers gives basic recommendations to teachers on how they can help pupils be safe in the social networks.
Technology is rapidly evolving in a world driven by social networks, online transactions, cloud computing, and automated processes. But with the technological evolution comes the progress of cybercrime, which continually develops new attack types, tools and techniques that allow attackers to penetrate more complex or well-controlled environments, and produce increased damage and even remain untraceable. The present article aims to get an overview of the cyber-crime as it is defined and revealed by specialized literature, international legislation and historical facts, and perform an analysis of attacks reported all around the world over the last three years in order to determine patterns and trends in cyber-crime. Based on the results of the analysis, the article presents countermeasures that companies may undertake in order to ensure improved security that would support in defending their business from attackers from an information security perspective. (C) 2015 Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.
Analyzing authorship of online texts is an important analysis task in security-related areas such as cybercrime investigation and counter-terrorism, and in any field of endeavor in which authorship may be uncertain or obfuscated. This paper presents an automated approach for authorship analysis using machine learning methods, a robust stylometric feature set, and a series of visualizations designed to facilitate analysis at the feature, author, and message levels. A testbed consisting of 506,554 forum messages, in English and Arabic, from 14,901 authors was first constructed. A prototype portal system was then developed to support feasibility analysis of the approach. A preliminary evaluation to assess the efficacy of the text visualizations was conducted. The evaluation showed that task performance with the visualization functions was more accurate and more efficient than task performance without the visualizations.
Retrieving reports of cybercrimes against women in two daily newspapers, the Times of India and the Hindu in the years 2014-2016 and taking a ratio of the same against the total number of cybercrimes in the same period reported by the National Crime Records Bureau, we have developed a simple media sensitivity index of cybercrimes against women. Considering the paucity of similar studies, this may reveal a new area of research which might also help to develop a more apt media sensitivity index, applicable to a range of crimes. Further, it may help to identify the thrust of media reports towards particular types of crimes as well as facilitate the measurement of media sensitivity to different crime genres.
We describe a case-control study to identify risk factors that are associated with higher rates of webserver compromise. We inspect a random sample of around 200,000 webservers and automatically identify attributes hypothesized to affect the susceptibility to compromise, notably content management system (CMS) and webserver type. We then cross-list this information with data on webservers hacked to serve phishing pages or redirect to unlicensed online pharmacies. We find that webservers running WordPress and Joomla are more likely to be hacked than those not running any CMS, and that servers running Apache and Nginx are more likely to be hacked than those running Microsoft IIS. We also identify several WordPress plugins and Joomla extensions that associated with compromise. Furthermore, using a series of logistic regressions, we find that a CMS's market share is positively correlated with website compromise. Surprisingly, we find that webservers running outdated software are less likely to be compromised than those running up-to date software. We present evidence that this is true for core WordPress software (the most popular CMS platform) and many associated plugins. Finally, we examine what happens to webservers following compromise. We find that under 5 percent of hacked WordPress websites are subsequently updated, but those that do are recompromised about half as often as those that do not update.
The rapid growth of Internet of Things (IoT) devices brings countless benefits, but it also brings new security and forensics challenges. The IoT system with billions of devices generates a huge amount of evidence which causes big challenges to digital investigators and practitioners who are required to interact with IoT devices to investigate cybercrimes in a forensically sound and timely fashion. These challenges create more opportunities for cybercrimes to attack various IoT application and services resulting in a direct impact on IoT users. As the IoT has incorporated in most aspects of our life, cybercrimes will literally threaten human life, hence, IoT forensics is required to investigate and mitigate against such attacks. Therefore, this paper provides a detailed review of IoT forensics. It started by providing a comprehensive discussion of IoT security involving the need for security by design and security challenges of the IoT system. Then, a review of IoT forensics is presented by highlighting the need for Artificial Intelligence (AI) in IoT forensics, state-of-theart research and recent studies, opportunities and key requirements for a successful IoT forensics. Challenges and suggested solutions of IoT forensics are also discussed. Finally, a discussion of open research directions of IoT forensics is presented. (C) 2020 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Two recent studies which are part of the Dutch Research Program on the Safety and Security of Online Banking, present empirical material regarding the origin, growth and criminal capabilities of cybercriminal networks carrying out attacks on customers of financial institutions. This article extrapolates upon the analysis of Dutch cases and complements the existing picture by providing insight into 22 cybercriminal networks active in Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States. The analysis regarding origin and growth shows that social ties play an important role in the majority of networks. These networks usually originate and grow either by means of social contacts alone or by the combined use of social contacts and forums (to recruit specialists). Equally, however, forums play a vital role within the majority of the networks by offering a place where co-offenders can meet, recruit and trade criminal 'services'. Moreover, those networks where origin and growth is primarily based on forums appear capable of creating more flexible forms of cooperation between key members and enablers, thereby facilitating a limited number of core members to become international players. Analysis of the capabilities of criminal networks shows that all networks are primarily targeted towards customers of financial institutions, but most networks are not restricted to one type of crime. Core members are often involved in other forms of offline and online crime. The majority of networks fall into the high-tech category of networks, mostly international, high-tech networks. These are networks with core members, enablers, and victims originating from different countries.
"We study users' incentives to become cybercriminals when network security is interdependent. We present a game-theoretic model in which each player (i.e., network user) decides his type, honest or malicious. Honest users represent law-abiding network users, while malicious users represent cybercriminals. After deciding on their types, the users make their security choices. We will follow [29], where breach probabilities for large-scale networks are obtained from a standard interdependent security (IDS) setup. In large-scale IDS networks, the breach probability of each player becomes a function of two variables: the player's own security action and network security, which is an aggregate characteristic of the network; network security is computed from the security actions of the individual nodes that comprise the network. This allows us to quantify user security choices in networks with IDS even when users have only very limited, aggregate information about security choices of other users of the network."
The scope of digital criminal investigations is rapidly expanding, as they have become indispensable in prosecuting not only cybercrime but all kinds of crimes involving digital evidence. Digital investigations often involve a high degree of intrusiveness, granting law enforcement authorities large-scale access to personal data, programs, and systems. As a result, it is essential to critically assess the legitimacy of digital investigations to prevent potential abuses. When balancing the social need for crime control with the protection of citizens' rights and interests, we find, on one side of the scale, the public interest of countering and preventing serious crime in a digital world. But which parameters must be incorporated on the other side of the scale? While most attention is given to privacy and data protection in European law to regulate the collection and processing of personal data by law enforcement in criminal proceedings, we propose that another increasingly vital interest needs to be factored in as well: the protection of cybersecurity.
Dark web is an obscured part of the Internet, specifically used for sharing exploits, data breaches, and other means of cybercrime. Dark web forums provide opportunities to share such data and exploits and assign user reputation and credibility through participation in discussions and sharing data, exploits, and hacks. Such activities can help develop metrics to enable iden-tification of influential mal-actors facilitating efficient and effective defense against emerging cyber threats, particularly zero-day exploits. This paper proposes an AI-inspired framework to identify influencers on dark web social networks (INSPECT) through intelligent analysis of user-profiles, interactions, and other activities. INSPECT framework leverages Feature Engineering, Social Network Analysis, Semantic Analysis, and K-means clustering and calculates an influencer score representing the users' significance within these forums. INSPECT has been evaluated using CrimeBB dataset comprising user profiles and activities within dark web forums to assess its effectiveness in identifying influential users on the dark web forums.
With advances in social engineering tricks and other technical shortcomings, ransomware attacks have become a severe cybercrime affecting organizations of all shapes and sizes. Although the security teams are making plenty of ransomware detection tools, the ransomware incident report shows they are ineffective in detecting emerging ransomware attacks. This work presents RTrap,  a systematic framework to detect and contain ransomware efficiently and effectively via machine learning-generated deceptive files. Using a data-driven decoy file selection and generation strategy, RTrap plants deceptive decoy files across the directory to lure the ransomware to access it. RTrap also introduced a lightweight decoy watcher to monitor generated decoy files in real time. As the timing of the ransomware attack is not known to the victim in advance, and the ransomware encryption process is speedy, the proposed decoy-watcher executes an automatic/automated response after the detection promptly. The experiment shows that RTrap can detect ransomware with an average 18 file loss per 10311 legitimate user files.
As fraud and cybercrime become more frequent and sophisticated, preventing users from being exposed to risk is a significant challenge for the scientific community. Current banking systems use One Time Password (OTP) sent to the mobile phone to prevent user impersonation attacks. However, it could be compromised by man-in-the-middle attacks. It also presents usability and unavailability problems if the SMS service is inaccessible, especially when traveling or in case of a damaged or stolen phone. Using Machine Learning (ML) techniques to detect and prevent fraudulent actions allows financial organizations to stay one step ahead of fraudsters, whose scale and sophistication continue to grow. Specifically, ML systems can be used to identify additional authentication factors to make the system more robust against attacks. To prevent identity theft attacks and minimize fraudulent transactions, we propose in this work a comprehensive design that combines adaptive multi-factor authentication and adaptive fraud detection for banking systems based on the use of ML technology.
Escape rooms are a great way for teams to work together to practice quickly solving problems under pressure and time constraints - all while simultaneously having fun. This article is about an online escape room designed to require cooperation and conflict, rational choice, decision making, truth-functional logic, causality, hypothesis testing, problem solving, cognitive and metacognitive challenges, teamworking and interpersonal communication under time pressure and stress, and organizing a strategic response that can later translate to the efficient and effective facilitation of real-world actions - all within a totally digitalized environment called e-REAL (R). Cognitive biases, fixation errors, and other obstacles to overcome are assured, but evitable thanks to the effective learning experience are also assured. This escape room is designed to present lively, interactive activities aimed at understanding challenging scenarios like decision-making chains, as well as thrillers or cybercrime scenarios, Blockchain-based operations or digital and cryptocurrencies, but also data visualization and interpretation, preventative maintenance operations, and crisis management in healthcare or telemedicine.
"Automatic international has delivered efficiencies, new ingenious items, and close customer connections all round with the aid of the a success usage of transportable, IoT (net of factors), on-line life, exam and cloud innovation to create models for higher selections. Blockchain is as of late presented and altering the computerized global conveying some other point of view to security, flexibility and effectiveness of frameworks. at the same time as at the start promoted via Bitcoin, Blockchain is considerably greater than an established order for virtual foreign money. It gives a secure technique to trade any sort of right, management, or change. Mechanical development regularly is based upon confided in organizations; but expanding manage, cybercrime and extortion are repressing extension. To cope with these difficulties, Blockchain will empower more mild-footed esteem chains, quicker object improvements, nearer consumer connections, and swifter incorporation with the IoT and cloud innovation. Facilitate Blockchain furnishes a decrease price of trade with a believed contract checked without mediation from outsider."
Small businesses have many challenges that must be resolved before adoption of e-procurement systems. The present study aims to understand the various financial, technological, educational, organizational, banking, and customers challenges in the adoption of e-procurement system in SME. Based on these challenges, this study has recommended how SME can adopt e-procurement systems. The study followed an interpretivist approach based on qualitative design using 30 non-directive and semi-structured interviews from the various stakeholders of SME. Results reveal the financial, technological, educational, organizational, banking, and suppliers' challenges in the adoption of e-procurement system. Findings emerged with various themes such as limited financial budget and support, high cybercrime rate and lower level of privacy, lack of e-commerce educational programs, and lower level of learning opportunities. Top management must address employee, financial, organizational, and educational challenges before adoption of e-procurement system in SME.
Military enhancements to traditional capabilities include technically capable recruits, high-end intelligence and surveillance technologies, aggressive defence innovation, sophisticated doctrines and dynamic strategies for cyber operations (The Military Balance, 2014). Cyber security has evolved into an important element concerning a states' national security (Pradhan, 2016). According to Hogan LoveIls (2017), South Africa is susceptible due to its high internet connectivity in comparison to its other African counterparts. These cyber-attacks, according to Scott, Bourne and Gabryk (2017), have increased in frequency and resulted in dire consequences and massive data losses. As a legal recourse, the South African government has introduced the National Cybersecurity Policy Framework in December 2015 and the Cybercrime and Cybersecurity Bill in February 2017 in addition to existing ICT legislation. However, there have been a number of criticisms regarding the coverage of the Cybercrime and Cybersecurity Bill with the focus being on organisations and the penalties applicable for violating the Bill. For example, the areas of jus in bello and jus ad bellum has not been sufficiently addressed by the current legislation in South Africa regarding cyber-attacks. The Tallinn Manuals are fast becoming the non -binding authoritative manuals applicable to international law regarding cyber operations. The relevant legislative frameworks addressed by the two Tallinn Manuals include the law of state responsibility, maritime law, international telecommunications law, space law, diplomatic and consular law, human rights law, the general principles of international law, including that of sovereignty, jurisdiction, due diligence, as well as the prohibition of intervention. However, there has not been a public assessment or discourse regarding the applicability of the Tallinn Manuals to the South African context. The paper focuses on the applicability of the Tallinn Manuals to South Africa, with specific reference to ICT and cyber law. An overview of South Africa's cyber-security posture and framework within the African and global context will be provided. The ICT and other relevant legislation are assessed for its ability to address South African cyber-security issues, and the suitability of the Tallinn Manuals as a foundation of best practice to enhance the legislation is discussed.
Increased rewards and reduced risks drive illicit networks. Cybercriminals seek to avoid risks, including detection, arrests, sanctions, and violence. Hence, they employ several strategies to avoid operational risks when accessing darknet sites, communicating, making payments, shipping and delivery, and resolving disputes. Each operation involves transactions that should work together, such that when a transaction is disrupted, it increases its risk and reduces the crime's benefits. In this study, we examine these risks, and their avoidance strategies, in an attempt to highlight transactions that could be disrupted. We develop a typology of darknet risks, a parsimonious conceptual model abstracted from the literature on risk originators (internal or external) and risk targets (vendors or buyers). This study further clarifies how risk avoidance strategies may be disrupted to increase the risks and reduce the reward of darknet crime.
Romance fraud involves the guise of a perceived genuine relationship to gain a financial reward. While those who commit these crimes employ a variety of techniques, emerging evidence suggests the use of sextortion to financially gain from victims. To date, sextortion has been explored generally in the image-based sexual abuse and sexual violence literature but not in the context of romance fraud. This article explores reports of 258 individuals who made a complaint to Scamwatch (Australian online fraud reporting portal) about romance fraud, captured between July 2018 and July 2019 (inclusive). Each of these complaints directly references the use of sextortion, through a threat to expose an intimate image or recording in response to a monetary request. Using an established cyber sextortion typology, this article applies these categories in the context of romance fraud to determine if there is consistency in the use of this technique, or whether its use in the context of romance fraud is unique.
A precursor to successful automatic child exploitation material recognition is the ability to automatically identify pornography (largely solved) involving children (largely unsolved). Identifying children's faces in images previously labelled as pornographic can provide a solution. Automatic child face detection plays an important role in online environments by facilitating Law Enforcing Agencies (LEA) to track online child abuse, bullying, sexual assault, but also can be used to detect cybercriminals who are targeting children to groom up them with a view of molestation later. Previous studies have investigated this problem in an attempt to identify only children faces from a pool of adult faces, which aims to extract information from the basic low- and high-level features i.e., colour, texture, skin tone, shape, facial structures etc. on child and adult faces. Typically, this is a machine learning-based architecture that accomplish a categorization task with the aim of identifying a child face, given a set of child and adult faces using classification technique based on extracted features from the training images. In this paper, we present a deep learning methodology, where machine learns the features straight away from the training images without having any information provided by humans to identify children faces. Compared to the results published in a couple of recent work, our proposed approach yields the highest precision and recall, and overall accuracy in recognition.
Social engineering relies on human vulnerability to exploit system security. Social engineering attacks are relatively harder to protect against as they mainly target the user, and not just hardware or software system defenses. End user awareness can be considered as one of the simplest yet most effective ways to protect the end user against social engineering vectors. The present study ascertains the level of user susceptibility to social engineering attacks in a cooperating corporate organization. Two attack scenarios, a spear-phishing campaign and a physical intrusion vector were designed targeting the organization's user population (employees) based on publicly available information from the Internet. Clues relating to social engineering techniques were included in the attacks to alert suspicious users. Despite the revealing signs of a social engineering campaign, the results indicated that a significantly high proportion (46-60%) of the users fell prey and failed to identify the attacks. It was observed that lack of user awareness remained the primary cause of the success of the attacks, requiring corrective action through post incident training and regular IT security drills.
In this paper, we present architecture for managing knowledge on cybersecurity in Sub-Saharan Africa. This architecture captures the critical contextual factors in the Sub-Saharan African region. The architecture enables the creation, storage/retrieval, transfer and application of knowledge on cybersecurity especially for home users while providing awareness and enforcement mechanisms to help home users protect themselves against cyber threats. The architecture can facilitate the building of expertise on cybersecurity among the stakeholders. The implications of the proposed architecture are presented.
This study attempted to confirm the existence of a suppression situation among social learning, low self-control, and software piracy measures. Using a cross-sectional study of middle and high school students, structural equation modeling was used to confirm the measurement of a second-order social learning factor and the existence of a mediated suppression situation of low self-control through social learning on software piracy. The existence of a suppression situation was confirmed when low self-control was modeled with an indirect effect through social learning: The direct effect of low self-control on software piracy flipped direction from positive to negative and social learning's direct effect size increased. This suppression situation was only demonstrated when social learning was modeled as a second-order latent factor. Future research of social learning should consider how its indicators are measured and the importance for the use of all social learning subdomains.
Psychopathy is a personality disorder that can be conceived of as a collection of traits from general models of personality. The present study examined the relations between psychopathy assessed via the Elemental Psychopathy Assessment Short Form (EPA-SF) and basic personality, antisocial behavior, and computer crime in a sample of 235 participants recruited through Amazon's Mechanical Turk (MTurk). Results indicated relatively strong support for the validity of the EPA-SF as it bore expected relations to personality, antisocial behavior, and computer crime. Results also underscored the utility of differentiating among the various components of psychopathy, and revealed the relative importance of Interpersonal Antagonism and Disinhibition and the relative insignificance of emotional stability. Finally, results suggested computer criminal behaviors, like other forms of antisocial behavior, correlated with violent and nonviolent antisocial behavior and psychopathy. Implications for the use of the EPA-SF in the assessment of psychopathy and the utility of considering computer crime as an indicator of general antisocial behavior are discussed.
The study investigates whether nuanced measures of financial loss are associated with physical and/or emotional distress relating to one's identity theft victimization. A subsample of victims of identity theft from the National Crime Victimization Survey (NCVS) Identity Theft Supplement (n = 1,557) was examined. Financial loss was considered as the total amount lost, whether victims suffered any financial losses, and whether losses were in the 95th percentile. Stepwise negative binomial and logistic regressions were estimated for physical and emotional distress and behavioral health outcomes (i.e., both physical and emotional distress). Findings indicate that out-of-pocket losses were substantively associated with physical and emotional distress as well as behavioral health outcomes only when considering nuanced measures of monetary loss. Time taken to resolve identity theft was associated with increased distress across all outcomes. Nonfinancial consequences of identity theft are fundamentally different phenomena than financial loss and indicate the need for multifaceted responses which acknowledge these outcomes.
Effective operational security is difficult to maintain due to an increase in the costs of work and a decrease in the performance of actions. This is true both for security analysts and malicious attackers. It is tedious, and errors are easy to make. This paper describes the rare discovery of a new Android banking botnet, named Geost, from the operational security failures of its botmaster. They made many mistakes, including using the illegal proxy network of the HtBot malware, not encrypting their Command and Control servers, re-using security services, trusting other attackers with less operational security, and not encrypting chat sessions. The Geost botnet has hundreds of malicious domains, thirteen IP addresses for C&C servers, approximately 800,000 victims in Russia, and potential access to several million Euros in the bank accounts of the victims. More importantly, the operational security mistakes lead to the discovery of members of an underground group that develop and maintain the C&C of Geost. It is seldom possible to glimpse into the decisions taken by the attackers due to failures in their operational security. This research presents the finding of a new Android banking botnet from operational security mistakes, creates an overview of the botnet operation, analyses the victims, and study the relationships with the discovered groups of developers.
While Internet consumers and retailers have incentives to contract to protect against criminal privacy invasions by third parties, externality and observability concerns may limit contractual precaution mandates. Contracting between consumers and retailers operates, however, in the shadow of government efforts to deter cybercrime-which in turn can influence the equilibrium information-sharing activity levels as well as private precaution efforts taken by consumers and retailers. This article argues that there is a criminal analog to the Laffer curve. Just as citizens' reaction to taxation policy raises the possibility that, over some range, lower tax rates may produce higher government revenues, citizens' reaction to penal policies raises the possibility that, over some range, higher penalties may produce more crime. Though victims and thieves may be made better off by a higher crime-higher penalty equilibrium, these private benefits must be measured against (among other things) the social costs of additional state effort.
Phishing is a very effective form of cybercrime that enables offenders to deceive victims and steal important data. Phishing is now one of the most prevalent types of online fraud behaviour. Phishing attacks may cause their victims to suffer significant losses, including the loss of confidential information, identity theft, businesses, and state secrets. We suggest a threat modelling technique in this research to detect and reduce the cyber-threats that might lead to phishing assaults. To uncover all possible dangers that might result in a phishing attack, the proposed study applies the STRIDE threat design methodology to both use scenarios. The studies' findings demonstrate the approach's great effectiveness in identifying phishing URLs, with an accuracy rate of 96.3%, a false-positive rate of 17.2%, and a false-negative rate of 23.7%. Various methods related to phishing and the taxonomy of phishing are analysed.
Image-based sexual abuse (IBSA) is a growing, global problem. This article reports on a mixed-methods, multi-jurisdictional study of IBSA across the United Kingdom, Australia and Aotearoa/New Zealand. Attitudes of blame and minimisation of harms among a sample of the general population (n = 6109) were analysed using two multiple regression analyses that assessed the ability of three demographic and three experiential characteristics to predict attitudes. Interviews were also conducted with 43 stakeholders and analysed thematically. Survey respondents who attributed more blame and minimised harms to a greater extent tended to be men, heterosexual, and had experienced or perpetrated more IBSA behaviours. Those who reported greater engagement in sexual self-image behaviours were also more likely to minimise harms. Interview participants suggested attitudes of blame and minimisation may be linked to broader problematic attitudes around sexual violence and sexual double standards, with women more likely to experience blame for IBSA. Our findings are of international relevance and highlight the need for multifaceted policies, education campaigns and training that challenge these attitudes.
Fighting crime in cyberspace requires law enforcement authorities to immerse in a digital ocean of vast amount of information and also to acquire and objectify the evidence of criminal activity. Handling digital evidence is a complex and multifaceted process as they can provide critical evidentiary information in an unquestionable and irrefutable way. When digital evidence resides in a cloud storage environment the criminal investigation is faced with unprecedented contemporary legal challenges. In this paper, the authors identify three main legal challenges that arise from the current cloud-based technological landscape, i.e., territoriality (the loss of location), possession (the cloud content ownership) and confiscation procedure (user authentication/data preservation issues). On the onset of the identified challenges, the existing American, European and International legal frameworks are thoroughly evaluated. Finally, the authors discuss and endorse the Power of Disposal, a newly formed legal notion and a multidisciplinary solution with a global effect as a result of collaboration between technical, organizational and legal perspectives as an effective first step to mitigate the identified legal challenges.
Technological development brings about economic changes that affect most citizens, both in developed and undeveloped countries. The implementation of blockchain technologies that bring cryptocurrencies into the economy and everyday life also induce risks. Authorities are continuously concerned about ensuring balance, which is, among other things, a prudent attitude. Achieving this goal sometimes requires the development of standards and regulations applicable at the national or global level. This paper attempts to dive deeper into the worldwide operations, related to cryptocurrencies, as part of a general phenomenon, and also expose some of the intersections with cybercrime. Without impeding creativity, implementing suggested proposals must comply with the rules in effect and provide sufficient flexibility for adapting and integrating them. Different segments need to align or reposition, as alteration is only allowed in a positive way. Adopting cryptocurrency decisions should be unitary, based on standard policies.
The article discusses the motives and goals of committing crimes against information security. The authors conclude that the motive for crimes against information security is a deliberate motivation, through which the subject has the opportunity to satisfy his own needs via the commission of a crime. If you establish the motive, you can get the answer to the question why the crime was committed. The goal is the result image, which is important for the subject when the crime is committed. If the goal is set, then, accordingly, there is an answer to the question why
Crime has evolved at the same speed technology. Fraud, deception and even rape and murder can be committed using technology. It is necessary that digital evidence considered in court proceedings to resolve many of these cases are considered unsolvable.
The current research aims to gain insight on user competence in detecting security threats in the context of online social networks (OSNs) and investigates the multidimensional space that determines this user competence level. The role of user competence and its dimensions in facilitating the detection of online threats is still a controversial topic in the information security field. The dimensions used to measure the concept are self-efficacy, security awareness, privacy awareness, and cybercrime experience. The scales used to measure those factors can determine the level of user competence in evaluating risks associated with social network usage. The measurement scales employed here have been validated using an item-categorization approach that, to our knowledge, has never before been used in information security research. The result of this study provides evidence for the suitability and validity of the user competence dimensions and associated measurement scales.
The explosive growth of mobile technology has brought uncountable benefits to consumers, but it also presents new concerns and provides a platform for cybercrime. In the case of devices running the Android Operating System (OS), concerns have raised as Android has become a major OS in the market. Moreover, even though there have been efforts from Google and the Open Handset Alliance (OHA), among others, towards reducing the impact of security threats in Android, malicious attacks continue to increase in frequency and complexity. Interestingly, bad software development practices still are being considered a major surface attack provider, mainly due to the lack of knowledge or misuse of Android security features. Therefore, this work presents a Web tool, named GARMDROID, aimed to provide security information that will helps Android developers to identify insecure development aspects, saving them from the nuisances associated to the learning of specialized security analysis tools and techniques.
This study investigated how cybersecurity can be integrated to curb examination breaches among large-scale educational assessment bodies in Nigeria. Descriptive research designed guided the study with 1067 participants drawn through multistage sampling procedure. Cybersecurity and examination breaches on large-scale educational assessment questionnaire (CEBLSEA-Q) was used for data collection. The internal consistency reliability index of the instrument was evaluated to be .78 using Cronbach alpha method. The findings of the study showed that hacking of websites, colluding via social media (WhatsApp, Facebook, Twitter etc.), sending of malicious/phishing links, using man-in-the-middle (MITM) attack are some of the cyberattacks on large-scale educational assessments. The proportion of examination breaches experienced by the various examination bodies was significantly different with WAEC being the highest, followed by NECO, JAMB, and NABTEB. Cybersecurity measures such as cloud computing, securing domain name server (DNS), encrypting computers and applications containing assessment database, cybersecurity awareness, among others could curb cyberspace aided examination breaches on educational assessments. Cybersecurity measures should be adopted by large-scale educational agencies in order to curb examination breaches that are aided through the cyberspace.
The rapid expansion of cyberspace has greatly facilitated the strategic shift of traditional crimes to online platforms. This has included malicious actors, such as extremist organisations, making use of online networks to disseminate propaganda and incite violence through radicalising individuals. In this article, we seek to advance current research by exploring how supporters of extremist organisations craft and disseminate their content, and how posts from counter-extremism agencies compare to them. In particular, this study will apply computational techniques to analyse the narratives of various pro-extremist and counter-extremist Twitter accounts, and investigate how the psychological motivation behind the messages compares between pro-ISIS and counter-extremism narratives. Our findings show that pro-extremist accounts often use different strategies to disseminate content (such as the types of hashtags used) when compared to counter-extremist accounts across different types of organisations, including accounts of governments and NGOs. Through this study, we provide unique insights into both extremist and counter-extremist narratives on social media platforms. Furthermore, we define several avenues for discussion regarding the extent to which counter-messaging may be effective at diminishing the online influence of extremist and other criminal organisations.
This paper presents the early results of a study exploring computer misuse and fraud victimisation in Wales, United Kingdom (UK). The results presented here describe the quality of the data available to local forces, the characteristics and heterogeneity of the victims who report incidents and the nature of the police response at a local level. The significance of these results is considered within the enforcement and victimisation policy context that surrounds computer misuse and fraud. It is argued that while Action Fraud data provides a rich source of data with respect to victims' needs, specific improvements in data collection and processing could aid local forces in the delivery (or facilitation) of a more victim-focused response. Alongside this, the results highlight how an adequate police response must take victim heterogeneity into account, both at national and local levels. Finally, better understandings of vulnerability (both theoretically informed and empirically tested) are necessary, on which to build an adequate victim-response to these crime types.
Cyber space is now an essential part of our societies and economies, and may even become a determining factor in our lives. Even though most of business and projects, especially those in transnational environment, are highly dependent on information technology, many of them underestimate the risks of cyberspace and suffer business costs caused by hacker attacks, viruses and malware. Cybercrime is already flourishing in areas with weak cyber governance like in Eastern Europe, and consequently in Romania. International, EU regional and national vigilance and collaborative intelligence are crucial. A global dialogue among governments, society, and the private sector, can help create agreement on how to secure the Internet economy. Romania government should also cooperate in developing an international and regional information exchange and early warning mechanisms in cooperation with our strategic partners, USA and NATO, for rapid reaction in case of crisis, as well as establishing EU Cyberspace Policy Framework.
Network security and network forensics technologies for the Internet of Things (IoT) need special consideration due to resource-constraints. Cybercrimes conducted in IoT focus on network information and energy sources. Graph theory is adopted to analyze the IoT network and a hybrid Intrusion Detection System (IDS) is proposed. The hybrid IDS consists of Centralized and Active Malicious Node Detection (CAMD) and Distributed and Passive EEA (Energy Exhaustion Attack) Resistance (DPER). CAMD is integrated in the genetic algorithm-based data gathering scheme. CAMD detects malicious nodes manipulated by cyber criminals and provides digital evidence for forensics. DPER is implemented in a set of communication protocols to alleviate the impact of EEA attacks. Simulation experiments conducted on NS-3 platform showed the hybrid IDS proposed detected and traced malicious nodes precisely without compromising energy efficiency. Besides, the impact of EEA attacks conducted by cyber criminals was effectively alleviated.
Online social media (OSM) is an integral part of human life these days. Significantly, the young generation spends most of their time on social media in an active and passive state. The exponential growth of OSM has created an atmosphere of increased cybercrime. Although OSM provides a platform to connect people with similar thoughts and interests, it also exposes vulnerable users to mischievous elements in cyberspace. Social media connects and generates a massive amount of human activity-related data. However, the misuse of OSM introduces a novel way of expressing aggression and violence that exclusively happens online. In this research paper, we briefly discuss the background of Cyberbullying and the various machine and deep learning-based models incorporated to deal with it effectively. We also highlight the main challenges in designing a cyberbullying prediction model and address them.
Communication in the modern day era is predominantly dependent on Information and Communication Technology (ICT). The rise in cybercrime, digital espionage and other cyber-related disturbances i s one of great concerns to cyberspace users, both corporate and individual. Radio Frequency technologies and solutions been adopted for in-building, and outdoor wireless coverage solutions for the supply-chains market, including turnkey solutions for optimized communications, are been faced with security issues. This paper suggests a secure network communications route (Li-Fi Technology) alternative for users of radio frequency identification (RFID) technologies and solutions. A communication path that is resilient and resistant to disruptions by mitigating sophisticated network communication attacks such as spoofing and TCP/IP attacks (Man-In-the-middle attacks, Denial of Service attacks). This paper proposes the use of Li-Fi network for a safe and secure cyberspace communication exchange path.
Email is one of the most popular Internet applications which enables individuals and organisations alike to communicate and work effectively. However, email has also been used by criminals as a means to commit cybercrimes such as phishing, spamming, cyberbullying and cyberstalking. Cyberstalking is a relatively new surfacing cybercrime, which recently has been recognised as a serious social and worldwide problem. Combating email-based cyberstalking is a challenging task that involves two crucial steps: a robust method for filtering and detecting cyberstalking emails and documenting evidence for identifying cyberstalkers as a prevention and deterrence measure. In this paper, we discuss a hybrid approach that applies machine learning to detect, filter and file evidence. To this end we present a new robust feature selection approach to select informative features, aiming to improve the performance of machine learning within this task.
In the Japanese healthcare system, demand for homecare for relatively severe diseases has recently been increasing. In providing such homecare, privacy must be maintained with high security because the service is carried out not in hospital but at home, which has insufficient security. It is important to share a common platform to integrate several service providers virtually because there are many types of service providers located in different places involved in the treatment of a single patient. We developed an electronic health record (EHR) system for homecare, which is based on cloud computing technology using smartphones. In this paper, we discuss the technical aspects of information security, which are required especially for homecare based on the results of a field survey. Our focus is on strict personal authentication with SIM cards to prevent the cybercrime of stealing ID in order to maintain strict privacy of patient medical information.
"This paper reports the findings from a research project on cyber security in the Nigerian Internet banking industry, by presenting the main cyber security breaches it has experienced, along with its cyber security capability and practices. An online survey was conducted with 100 experienced professional working in both the Nigerian banking and banking security service sectors. Our findings reveal a transformation of the Nigerian cybercrime industry from low-tech cyber-enabled crimes to high-tech sophisticated breaches, with viruses, worms or Trojan infections; electronic spam mails; and hacking being the top three most experienced breaches. In term of cyber security practices, banking professionals have received adequate management in both support and training. The lack of advanced technologies to prevent and address cyber security breaches and the unsatisfactory level of legislative compliance, together, appear to be the primary factors that have reduced cyber security capability in our sample of banks."
Cloud computing technology offers new way in providing computing resources and applications on demand but it is explicitly prone to the cybercrime. Therefore, it is challenged forensic investigators to conduct investigation in Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) Cloud using traditional framework. This is exacerbated with the limitations of collecting forensic data from different geographical locations and environment in IaaS Cloud. Thus, in this paper proposes a network forensic framework that can be tailored in forensic analysis in IaaS Cloud Computing environment. The proposed framework is tailored with the existing frameworks with Digital Forensic Model (DFM) in which each phase is elucidated. The proposed framework is then tested and evaluated through experimental using virtualisation environment. The results shows that the proposed framework can be pragmatic implement in IaaS Cloud which contribute in developing of a forensic tool and guidelines for forensic investigator conducting investigation IaaS Cloud as future works.
The article compares risk factors between threat victimization by digital and traditional modes (e.g. email or chat room versus letter or face-to-face). Until now, empirical tests of routine activity theory have applied a segregated approach in such cases, linking computer activities to cybercrime victimization and outdoor activities to traditional victimization. However, an integrated approach suggests that social interactions between people in the physical and digital world are connected. Thus, exposure to conflict-prone situations and eventual escalation of the conflict by a threat can occur in separate domains. Routine activities online can therefore result in traditional threat victimization and, conversely, outdoor activities can result in digital threat victimization. Results from victimization survey data from a sample of the Dutch general population (N = 6896) offer support for these hypotheses. The findings suggest that routine activity theory needs to be tested in new ways in contemporary digitalized societies.
Industry 4.0 integrates cyber systems, physical devices, and digital networks to automate the industrial process. Many sectors aim to adopt the best practices outlined in Industry 4.0. This indicates well for the future networking of an increasing number of devices. As crucial as intelligent automation is, it is essential that it be protected. The proliferation of Internet-enabled gadgets could raise vulnerability to a variety of threats, malware among them. Intruders see a synthesis of factors as a chance to carry out their malicious plan. Keeping sensitive data and information protected from malicious software is a high responsibility for all industries. It is critical to have both a trustworthy approach and a large dataset to work with when constructing a malware traffic classifier. Malware's capacity to elude detection by antivirus programs improves with the day. Because this malware has the potential to compromise the entire network, establishing a malware traffic classifier requires a strong approach. As the number of data increases, the classifier has a harder time distinguishing between benign and malicious network entries. As a result, weighing too many factors is a time-consuming process. To assist with these types of real-world challenges, we construct an effective hybrid selection component, which is subsequently followed by a neural network classifier in this research. The Malware traffic classifier provided here selects the principal feature using filter and wrapper techniques. The feature columns provided by the feature selection program are used to construct a neural network-based binary malware classifier. The given malware traffic classification framework was tested using the MTA-KDD'19 dataset. We set up an experiment in this investigation to examine the way different feature counts perform using a neural-based classifier. The suggested framework achieves 96.8% accuracy while just considering the bare minimum of five features, which is a substantial increase over alternative methods.
The growing world of digitisation has given rise to cybercrimes. Digital forensics is the process of collecting lawful evidence. Such evidence plays a very crucial role in the court of law to demonstrate the fact explicitly against the crime of the suspect. To ensure the admissibility of evidence in the court of law during trials, it is important to maintain evidence using a proper evidence management system. We propose the use of a unidirectional multi-hop proxy re-encryption scheme for authority delegation. This proposed system will help in securely delegating access to digital evidence. The re-encryption scheme perceives a clearer perception of security and validates the usefulness of proxy re-encryption as a method of adding access control to a secure evidence management system. The correctness analysis of the proposed scheme is validated by using BAN logic. The security analysis using the AVISPA tool shows that the proposed scheme is safe against various security attacks.
Personation, the act of assuming another's identity with the intent to deceive, is an ancient phenomenon. In this article, the authors seek to research online impersonation and to uncover the causes of this phenomenon. They do so by analyzing and comparing several case studies while referring to more traditional concepts of social identity. As discovered, on the one hand, users can create fake identities to enhance their personalities for personal reasons such as voyeurism or as means of escaping reality, or even promote human rights by avoiding local authoritarian censorship. On the other hand, malicious users like terrorists or criminals manipulate online users with phishing attempts and frauds, making social cyberspace less secure.
"Purpose Social engineering is a prominent aspect of online crime. Various interventions have been developed to reduce the success of this type of attacks. This paper aims to investigate if interventions can help to decrease the vulnerability to social engineering attacks. If they help, the authors investigate which forms of interventions and specific elements constitute success. Design/methodology/approach The authors selected studies which had an experimental design and rigorously tested at least one intervention that aimed to reduce the vulnerability to social engineering. The studies were primarily identified from querying the Scopus database. The authors identified 19 studies which lead to the identification of 37 effect sizes, based on a total sample of N = 23,146 subjects. The available training, intervention materials and effect sizes were analysed. The authors collected information on the context of the intervention, the characteristics of the intervention and the characteristics of the research methodology. All analyses were performed using random-effects models, and heterogeneity was quantified. Findings The authors find substantial differences in effect size for the different interventions. Some interventions are highly effective; others have no effect at all. Highly intensive interventions are more effective than those that are low on intensity. Furthermore, interventions with a narrow focus are more effective than those with a broad focus. Practical implications The results of this study show differences in effect for different elements of interventions. This allows practitioners to review their awareness campaigns and tailor them to increase their success. Originality/value The authors believe that this is the first study that compares the impact of social engineering interventions systematically."
Cyber security is an investment megatrend: global spending on cyber security increases by 10% every year, three times faster than the global economy. These forecasts can be seen on the upside after the arrival of Covid-19 and the IT tracking systems to monitor the infections that pose privacy and security problems for users. Cyber security is growing more and more and so are venture capital investments in what is the megatrend of the year. The pandemic has contributed to speeding up the digitization process: the consequence is an increasingly uniform distribution of cybercrime throughout the European territory and this reminds us that the lack of a security culture is the vulnerability most exploited by attackers. The Covid-19 pandemic is the cause, albeit indirectly, of this phenomenon. Covid-19 has, in fact, accelerated the digital transformation process and the consequence has been an increase in the criminal phenomenon.
As a topic area, the need for the standardization of operational practices in digital forensics has seen much discussion. There are clear benefits for digital forensics if its procedures can be harmonized including increasing the reliability of the work produced by its practitioners, consistency of practice, and the potential for greater quality control, however, attaining standardization is a difficult task, and further work in this field is required. This work discusses the standardization challenge assessing both the need for standardization and the feasibility of achieving it. It is suggested that those actively contributing in this area should consider the development of models for defining operational practice which are offence-specific, devicespecific and operating system-specific. To support this proposal, an example standard is offered and discussed which suggests and documents the minimum expected requirements for the examination of Windows 10 devices in cases involving images depicting child sexual abuse. This article is categorized under: Digital and Multimedia Science > Cybercrime Investigation
Spam email automated analysis and classification are a challenging task, which is vital in the identification of botnet structures and cybercrime fighting. In this work, we propose an automated methodology and the resulting framework based on innovative categorical divisive clustering, used both for grouping and for classification of spam messages. In particular, the grouping is exploited to identify campaigns of similar spam emails, while the classification is used to label specific emails according to the goal of spammer (e.g., phishing, malware distribution, advertisement, etc.). This work introduces the CCTree algorithm, both as clustering algorithm and as classification algorithm, in two operative modes: batch and dynamic, to handle both large data sets and data streams. Afterward, the CCTree is applied to large sets of spam emails for campaign identification and labeling. The performance of the algorithm is reported for both clustering and classification, and a comparison between the batch and dynamic approaches is presented and discussed.
Intensive development of the communications industry forces operators to pay special attention to fraud control and cybersecurity issues. New technologies allow fraudsters to improve methods of gaining illegal access to transport network infrastructure and it is becoming increasingly difficult for operators to confront this problem. Significant losses from fraud and cybercrime can cause the company to lose part of its revenue and the company can suffer from the decline in investment attractiveness as well as potential brand damage. To avoid this, it is necessary to use specialized technical means that allow timely detection and prevention of illegal actions of attackers. The authors of the article analysed the points of the income loss in providing the IP VPN service within a network of a transport communications operator. A software solution is proposed that performs the tasks of monitoring the correctness of the provision and accounting of access services to a data network using L2VPN/L3VPN technologies or direct connection to an IP/MPLS network.
Real-world laboratory use, controlled internal tests utilizing scientific principles, and peer review should be leveraged in a proper validation test plan of digital and multimedia forensic tools and methods. As the field of digital and multimedia forensics continues to grow and evolve as a science, the importance of proper scientific validation of tools and methods, in addition to the fundamental understanding of its purpose and required elements, will be more critical than ever. As such, this primer article discusses the basic scientific foundations of forensic tool and method validations, in addition to the legal baselines for validations and how they are interpreted in the court of law. Lastly, the recommended steps of a forensically-sound validation methodology are discussed.This article is categorized under:Digital and Multimedia Science > Mobile ForensicsDigital and Multimedia Science > Multimedia ForensicsDigital and Multimedia Science > Cybercrime Investigation
The positive impact of the Internet on human development depends on security and safety of the digital environment. With the share of developing countries in the global Internet population increasing rapidly, addressing the threats posed by malicious cyber activities is a clear priority. The purpose of this article is to explore the linkages between international debates on cyber-related issues (i.e. Internet governance, cybercrime, cybersecurity, or international norms) and cyber capacity building. Specifically, the article analyses capacity building projects by the Council of Europe and International Telecommunication Union to answer if and how they can be used as a tool in foreign policy. This question stems from the assumption that capacity building as a process focused on human resources development, organisational arrangements and legal and institutional frameworks is ultimately aimed at deep societal and political transformation.
The article considers new technologies for cyber terrorism countering. Cyber terrorism is aimed at destabilizing public order, large-scale disruption of communication systems, intimidation by imposing one's will, including on authorities, and, in general, it is an increased threat to the state's national and information security. Particular attention is paid to blockchain technology, which allows hiding funds aimed at financing terrorist activities, including in the information space. The article provides the generalized results of a study in the framework of the implementation of the Russian Foundation for Basic Research scientific project No. 18-29-16175 Blockchain technology to counter the risks of cyber terrorism and cyber extremism: criminological and legal research. To date, there are no internationally normative legal acts that would reflect the problem of cybercrime in general, cyber terrorism and cyber extremism in particular. International legal acts should provide comprehensive and effective measures to counter such crimes, which must be implemented in the national legislation of various states, including international cooperation
The highly crafted lines of code which constitute the Locky cryptolocker ransomware are there to see in plain text in an infected machine. Yet, this forensic evidence does not lead investigators to the identity of the extortionists nor to the destination of the ransom payments. Perpetrators of this ransomware remain unknown and unchallenged and so the ransomware cyber crimewave gathers pace. This paper examines what Locky is, how it works, and the mechanics of this malware to understand how ransom payments are made. The financial impact of Locky is found to be substantial. The paper describes methods for following the money to assess how effectively such a digital forensic trail can assist ransomware investigators. The legal instruments that are being established by the authorities as they attempt to shut down ransomware attacks and secure prosecutions are evaluated. The technical difficulty of following the money coupled with a lack of registration and disclosure legislation mean that investigators of this cybercrime are struggling to secure prosecutions and halt Locky.
The previous year has seen an enormous increase in the studies related to social engineering. This increase is partly due to increasing number of social engineering attacks and partly due to people's inability to identify the attack. Thus, it is of great importance to find solutions which are helpful for human to understand the social engineering attacks and scenarios. To address this, we have performed a literature review of studies (on social engineering) in top-notch journals and conferences. In this paper, we have enlisted the types of attacks, and the persuasion techniques used by social engineers as listed in the literature. We also combined different theories which researchers tried to use to explain various activities of social engineers. Furthermore, we have mentioned that a better understanding of the social engineering attack scenarios can be done using thematic and game-based analysis techniques. Preliminary empirical evaluation of the proposed game based method shows overall neutral results. Future extension and evaluation is needed for the proposed methods.
Cybersecurity education is a crucial element to provide aworkforce for the future to have an awareness together with the skills and knowledge enabling them to adapt and diversify in the field. Cybercrime is covered by the need for distinct aspects of security and measures of control on subsequent systems and devices. As the need for Cybersecurity specialists has increased in recent years and during the exceptional circumstances of the Covid-19 pandemic, the provision of education in secondary, post-16 and higher education sectors needs to be met. Utilisation of strategies and innovations to meet industry and educational expectations is key for future provision. Drive for different strategies and innovations in place by governments and organisations throughout the world, as provision in education is not balanced enough to cope with the increasing demand for a cybersecurity workforce. This study will inform recommendations for effective provision of future cybersecurity education.
India is an attractive target for crackers due to high internet and technology penetration growth and limited awareness among the users. It creates moral, civil, and criminal issues in cyber space and it resulted into increase in the cyber crime. But awareness about the cyber law is an often overlooked factor among netizens. Even many stack holders of the computer science are not aware about the cyber law of the country, they are enhancing their technical skills by various means but sadly they are not serious about getting knowledge about cybercrime and cyber law. It necessitated information security awareness among the netizens. In this paper, we have conducted one survey to check cyber law awareness statistics among professionals associated with IT domains. The paper presents the result of a survey conducted and provides the recommendations for improving general awareness of cyber law in India.
Pro-actively finding leaked information online can potentially reduce detection times to limit the exposure time of personal information on publicly accessible networks. Often the breaches are discovered by an external third party and not the data owner. The time that data is exposed on the Internet has severe negative implications since a significant amount of information disclosed in a data breach has been proven to be used for cybercrime activities. It could be argued that any reduction of data breach exposure time should directly reduce the opportunity for associated cyber-crime. While pro-active breach detection has been proven as potentially viable in previous work, several aspects of such a system still need to be investigated. This paper aims to highlight some of the major ethical and legal issues when pro-actively collecting personal information, through a South African case study, to assist in reducing the amounts of personal information being disclosed online.
ChatGPT has garnered significant interest since its release in November 2022 and it has showcased a strong versatility in terms of potential applications across various industries and domains. Defensive cybersecurity is a particular area where ChatGPT has demonstrated considerable potential thanks to its ability to provide customized cybersecurity awareness training and its capability to assess security vulnerabilities and provide concrete recommendations to remediate them. However, the offensive use of ChatGPT (and AI-powered conversational agents, in general) remains an underexplored research topic. This preliminary study aims to shed light on the potential weaponization of ChatGPT to facilitate and initiate cyberattacks. We briefly review the defensive usage of ChatGPT in cybersecurity, then, through practical examples and use-case scenarios, we illustrate the potential misuse of ChatGPT to launch hacking and cybercrime activities. We discuss the practical implications of our study and provide some recommendations for future research.
Social media has dramatically influenced and changed the rate and the nature of crime in our society. The perpetrators cut across different age groups, social standing, and beliefs. The ability to be anonymous on social media and the lack of adequate resources to fight cybercrime are catalysts for the rise in criminal activities, especially in South Africa. We proposed a system that will analyse and detect crime in social media posts or messages. The new system can detect attacks and drug-related crime messages, hate speech, and offensive messages. Natural language processing algorithms were used for text tokenisation, stemming, and lemmatisation. Machine learning models such as support vector machines and random forest classifiers were used to classify texts. Using the support vector machine to detect crime in texts, we achieved 86% accuracy and using the random forest for crime analysis, 72% accuracy was achieved.
The problem of unauthorized access to information on Web sites through the use of malicious code by an attacker leads to undesirable consequences that arise both on the server side and on the users side. This article is devoted to the review and analysis of existing methods for ensuring the information security of automated systems for authentication and distributed networks. The existence of vulnerabilities on most modern Web content management platforms allows an attacker to inject malicious files onto the server or modify existing files. Recently, there has been a large increase in cybercrime, which is a fairly lucrative business for intruders. To avoid the introduction of malicious code on the site, in addition to the above steps, you should use the SCP / SSH / SFTP protocols instead of FTP to download files to the server, which will prevent the passwords from being sent in the clear.
Internet Communication Technologies (ICTs) are making progress day by day, driven by the relentless need to utilize them for everything from leisure to business. This inevitable trend has dramatically changed contemporary digital behavior in all aspects. Undoubtedly, digital fingerprints will be at some point unwarily left on crime scenes creating digital information security incidents. On the other hand, corporates in the private sector or governments are on the edge of being exploited in terms of confidential digital information leakages. Some digital fingerprinting is volatile by its nature. Alternatively, once the power of computing devices is no longer sustainable, these digital traces could disappear forever. Due to the pervasive usage of Google Calendar and Safari browser among network communities, digital fingerprinting could be disclosed if forensics is carried out in a sound manner, which could be admitted in a court of law as probative evidences concerning certain cybercrime incidents.
Concepts of 'cyberspace', 'cybersecurity' and 'cyberthreats' and an analysis of policy documents are employed to explore the character and evolution of cybersecurity policies in Mexico, Colombia and the Dominican Republic, chosen as examples of 'accelerated', 'transitional' and 'lagging' Latin American development. Mexico focused on the stability of the Internet as a space that contributes to faster economic growth. Columbia's 'risk management' path seeks a balance between plausible threat evaluation and the estimated cost of eliminating them and concentrates on the active prevention of cyberattacks, emphasising the importance of developing concrete mechanisms for international regulation in the field of cybersecurity. The approach to cybersecurity of the Dominican Republic is based on the idea of ensuring a rapid transition to an innovative development model with the widespread introduction of information and communication technology (ICT), while addressing domestic cybercrime to which ordinary citizens and businesses are constantly exposed to. Comparing these experiences, it is clear that these approaches are characterised by two trends: randomness and non-imitation.
Recently, cybercrime attacking the national network has increased. National infrastructure such as water purification plants, power plants, and substations are operated by using programmable logic controllers (PLC). PLC controls through the Industrial Control Systems/Supervisory Control And Data Acquisition (ICS/SCADA), which receives operational commands and sends operational states by communication means such as Ethernet and Modbus. However, the environment of ICS/SCADA, called Industrial IoT, is vulnerable to security attacks unlike recently developed technologies such as IoT devices, systems, and networks. Therefore, this study proposes a new security system to strengthen industrial firewalls. We developed an interface, unauthorized access blocking algorithm, and real-time defense system for system access control. The performance of the proposed system was verified by external organizations. Five performance indicators were measured to validate the proposed system. All indexes were achieved to 100%. We hope that this study and results will help block and defend against cyberattacks.
Recently, cybercrimes are causing huge impact on different cyber systems that might include vital information such as financial transactions and medical records. A better understanding of the accelerating numbers of cybercrimes and their enormous cost could help the global in bridging the gap between their defenses and the escalating numbers cyber criminals. In this paper, we present an estimation model of cybercrimes time series using auto-regressive (AR) model by employing the optimal modeling order that maximizes the estimation accuracy while maintaining minimum prediction error. The proposed model was developed using Matlab to estimate the time series for yearly global number of cybersecurity incidents activity during the period from 2009-2018 and forecast the figures for next upcoming years 2019-2020. The simulation results showed that the optimal model order to estimate the given cybercrime activity is AR(4) since its corresponds to minimum acceptable predication error values to estimate the signal recording an estimation accuracy of 93.5%.
Breaches of information security resulting from cybercrime represents a significant threat to the security and well-being of individuals, corporations, and governments. Therefore, understanding the neurocognitive processes that lead individuals to violate information security policy represents a fundamental pursuit for NeuroIS researchers. In the current study, we examined the effects of whether an individual or a close associate benefited from a violation of information security, and the temporal delay before the benefit was received on event-related brain potentials (ERPs) related to ethical decision making. The electrophysiological data revealed modulations of the ERPs that were generally sensitive to ethical decision making, or that were specifically sensitive to the recipient or timing of the reward. The components that were sensitive to the two independent variables were observed over the anterior frontal region of the scalp, consistent with the neuroimaging literature demonstrating that several prefrontal structures participate in self-referent processing and intertemporal choice.
A number of reports in the last two years revealed that the BRICS economies (Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa) were found to be amongst the largest victims of cybercrime. The recent BRICS summit, held in Xiamen, China, had as one of the main themes of global security, including cybersecurity. Consequently, The BRICS leaders called for a coordinated strategic action in these areas, driven by the requirements and priorities. However, the South African cybersecurity strategic position within the BRICS block appears to be unclear thus far. Hence, this study was aimed at producing a positioning paper that clarifies the South African strategic contribution with a view to leveraging possible benefits from the BRICS cybersecurity cooperation. This research was undertaken through a review and analyses of available documents and publications on the topic. The findings confirm that, despite some challenges, South Africa do strategically contribute to and can potentially benefit from the block's cybersecurity agenda.
Authorship attribution can assist the criminal investigation procedure as well as cybercrime analysis. This task can be viewed as a single-label multi-class text categorization problem. Given that the style of a text can be represented as mere word frequencies selected in a language-independent method, suitable machine learning techniques able to deal with high dimensional feature spaces and sparse data can be directly applied to solve this problem. This paper focuses on classifier ensembles based on feature set subspacing. It is shown that an effective ensemble can be constructed using, exhaustive disjoint subspacing, a simple method producing many poor but diverse base classifiers. The simple model can be enhanced by a variation of the technique of cross-validated committees applied to the feature set. Experiments on two benchmark text corpora demonstrate the effectiveness of the presented method improving previously reported results and compare it to support vector machines, an alternative suitable machine learning approach to authorship attribution.
From proactive detection of cyberattacks to the identification of key actors, analyzing contents of the Dark Web plays a significant role in deterring cybercrimes and understanding criminal minds. Researching in the Dark Web proved to be an essential step in fighting cybercrime, whether with a standalone investigation of the Dark Web solely or an integrated one that includes contents from the Surface Web and the Deep Web. In this review, we probe recent studies in the field of analyzing Dark Web content for Cyber Threat Intelligence (CTI), introducing a comprehensive analysis of their techniques, methods, tools, approaches, and results, and discussing their possible limitations. In this review, we demonstrate the significance of studying the contents of different platforms on the Dark Web, leading new researchers through state-of-the-art methodologies. Furthermore, we discuss the technical challenges, ethical considerations, and future directions in the domain.
Electronic healthcare technology is prevalent around the world and creates huge potential to improve clinical outcomes and transform care delivery. However, there are increasing concerns relating to the security of healthcare data and devices. Increased connectivity to existing computer networks has exposed medical devices to new cybersecurity vulnerabilities. Healthcare is an attractive target for cybercrime for two fundamental reasons: it is a rich source of valuable data and its defences are weak. Cybersecurity breaches include stealing health information and ransomware attacks on hospitals, and could include attacks on implanted medical devices. Breaches can reduce patient trust, cripple health systems and threaten human life. Ultimately, cybersecurity is critical to patient safety, yet has historically been lax. New legislation and regulations are in place to facilitate change. This requires cybersecurity to become an integral part of patient safety. Changes are required to human behaviour, technology and processes as part of a holistic solution.
Phishing is a common cybercrime that tempts a target to reveal personal and financial information by imitating a legitimate webpage. Classical techniques, such as list-based, and heuristic approaches have focused on identifying the uniform resource locator (URL). However, cybercriminals have uncovered several methods to evade URL-based techniques. Recently, researchers have started developing techniques that are based on visual similarity to detect phishing webpages. However, using visual similarity raises several computer vision-related issues such as webpage segmentation and feature extraction. Deep learning provides a suitable solution to these issues as it integrates feature extraction, feature selection, and classification in an end-to-end system. We have made the first attempt to detect phishing webpages based on visual similarity by modifying and retraining deep neural networks. A comprehensive evaluation on two publicly available databases has shown a marked improvement of around 7% classification accuracy. (c) 2022 SPIE and IS&T
"Recent work in anthropology proposes that the ethnographic study of infrastructure offers a productive way to think about how states and corporations, citizens and consumers, all define their relations and obligations to each other. This article considers the politics of media infrastructure in Papua New Guinea (PNG) by tracing the moral economy of mobile phones. It focuses on (1) how mobile phone users have taken to social media to express dissatisfaction with the dominant mobile network operator, Digicel, a privately owned foreign company; and (2) how the PNG state has attempted to regulate the use of mobile phones and social media through cybercrime legislation and registration of Subscriber Identity Modules (SIM cards). Consideration of these two issues - matters of concern that gather publics around them - enables an assessment of the promise of improved telecommunications and social media, in particular, to make government in PNG more accountable and transparent."
Sharing incident data among Internet operators is widely seen as an important strategy in combating cybercrime. However, little work has been done to quantify the positive benefits of such sharing. To that end, we report on an observational study of URLs blacklisted for distributing malware that the non-profit anti-malware organization StopBadware shared with requesting web hosting providers. Our dataset comprises over 28 000 URLs shared with 41 organizations between 2010 and 2015. We show that sharing has an immediate effect of cleaning the reported URLs and reducing the likelihood that they will be recompromised. Despite this, we find that long-lived malware takes much longer to clean, even after being reported. Furthermore, we find limited evidence that one-time sharing of malware data improves the malware cleanup response of all providers over the long term. Instead, some providers improve while others worsen.
Authentication is one of the foremost pillars in the Internet of Things (IoT) security that authenticates the identity of a device or a person with the help of a unique identification number. If authentication is compromised then an intruder can gain access and launch a variety of attacks on the network. The world of IoT devices is benefiting us in many ways, but the vulnerability of becoming a victim of cybercrime is also increasing at a rapid pace. This research paper proposes an authentication-based solution for designing a secure communication network to ensure safe access to data and stop attackers from any unauthorized access to various IoT applications using cryptography and cloud computing. The proposed work is then compared with other popular cryptosystems such as Secure Internet of Things (SIT), Data Encryption Standard (DES) and Blowfish. LEOBAT is simulated using MATLAB and proves to be a fast and efficient authentication technique.
Many have argued that cloud computing is one of the fastest growing and most transformative technologies in the history of computing. It has radically changed the way in which information technologies can manage, access, deliver and create services. It has also brought numerous benefits to end-users and organizations. However, this rapid growth in cloud computing adoption has also seen it become a new arena for cybercrime. This has, in turn, led to new technical, legal and organizational challenges. In addition to the large number of attacks which affect cloud computing and the decentralized nature of data processing in the cloud, many concerns have been raised. One of these concerns is how to conduct a proper digital investigation in cloud environments and be ready to collect data proactively before an incident occurs in order to save time, money and effort. This paper proposes the technical, legal and organizational factors that influence digital forensic readiness for Infrastructure as a Service consumers.
Numerous ransomware attack was launched at May 2017 since it become emerge as trending for new cybercrime business source income model. The attack to several Big Data Architecture causing problem to over 150 countries. Meanwhile, the research on prevention idea of this attack method are still under struggle. This make ransomware becoming a serious and growing cyber issue. In spite of that, the objective of this paper is to share the application ideas from crypto-ransomware attack method toward future prevention mechanism application to make the Big Data Architecture more immune from future ransomware attack. The method used in this paper is systematic-review. The result is application prevention mechanism named as SeCBD which abbreviation for Secure Big Data. The application idea that result from the systematic review (SeCBD) concludes that most of crypto-ransomware still have chance to disabled, detected, or prevented. (C) 2017 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.
The importance of cyber insurance as a tool for financial resilience to mitigate the accelerating corporate losses caused by cybercrime is growing. However, there exists a lack of standardization and mutual understanding in cyber insurance policies. With less than a third of cyber insurance claims paid in 2017 in the U.S., there exists a significant gap between the cyber risks businesses need to cover and those actually covered through their cyber insurance policies. This research uses inductive qualitative content analysis to examine the existing exclusions in the terms and conditions of 40 German cyber insurers and compares the summarized results with existing cyber risk events. We posit that the lack of understanding of cyber policy wordings related to cyber risks is a significant problem for companies that could suffer significant losses. The resulting categorization of 15 exclusions and interrelationships with cyber risk events will support businesses, the insurance industry, and researchers in their efforts to understand, measure, and manage cyber risk.
The number of botnet attacks has been rapidly increasing in recent years. The threat of botnets constitutes a major security consideration for institutions and organizations concerned with the prevention of cybercrime. Among the most severe of these concerns are those regarding peer-to-peer (P2P) botnet attacks. These botnets present difficulties in local detection, as well as direct challenges to traditional network security practices due to their decentralized nature. We propose a testbed, named BotsideP2P, specialized in the deployment of a P2P botnet with built-in network and endpoint monitoring, so that researchers and industry professionals may gain a better understanding of these botnets in a lab environment. The botnet we have deployed implements a distributed hash table (DHT) to provide bot-to-bot encryption using the Kademlia DHT, and the Asyncio network framework is used for process handling. Emphasis is placed on documenting both the structure of the botnet deployed as well as the logging procedures implemented, and flow data and logs are included in results.
Machine learning (ML) utilisation has achieved a vast global impact. This is evident in the cybersecurity sector, where ML has wide-ranging applications, such as identifying and blocking threats, uncovering unusual software and user behaviour, and many others. However, the increase in successful cyberattacks demonstrates that the effectiveness of ML in cybersecurity applications can be questioned. Although the attacks may be new, ML is often adopted due to its ability to handle diverse and often unforeseen situations - a capability that is not possible using traditional rule-based security mechanisms. As both the rate of attacks and adoption of ML solutions are increasing, there is a need to determine whether ML-based security solutions are meeting the expectations of businesses and whether businesses are genuinely aware of the ML capabilities and limitations. Moreover, current literature shows a significant variation in how ML solutions are evaluated in cybersecurity applications, which might result in a poor understanding of ML capabilities. This paper explores the common perceptions and observations of decision-makers and specialists using ML for cybersecurity regarding its capabilities, implementation, evaluation, and communication. A semi-structured interview is conducted with individuals in various managerial positions to perform this investigation. The finding of this study reveals a pressing need for a standard to manifest ML capabilities. As significant variation in the understanding of Machine Learning Cyber Security (MLCS) capabilities is observed, a standard could help better communicate MLCS capabilities. It is observed that external influences heavily impact ML adoption decisions, potentially leading to misinterpretation of ML capabilities.
"The paper aims to understand the context and drivers of researchers' decision to submit a manuscript to a journal with questionable practices. Using OMICS as a case study and asking authors for their views, the paper presents their profile, motivations and publishing experiences. The methodology is based on a questionnaire sent by e-mail to all authors of articles in journals published by OMICS (+2200). The authors were asked about (a) the factors that influenced their decision to submit their article; (b) their publishing experience with OMICS; (c) their level of satisfaction; and (d) whether or not they would repeat the experience. A total of 86 responses were collected and 18 e-mails were received. The analysis made it possible to add details to the profiles of authors already identified in the literature, but also allowed new and more nuanced profiles. This research extends our knowledge on the phenomenon of predatory publishing from the authors' feedback and provides a better understanding of the socio-economic, psychosocial and geo-political conditions that drive researchers' decisions to submit their work to a possible, potential, or probable predatory journal. At the same time, it reveals some of the strategies used by OMICS to persuade authors to submit their papers. The findings will help to inform institutional policies that seek to put in place efficient measures to combat predatory publishing."
Sexual assault has a devastating effect on survivors as well as their family and friends (i.e., secondary survivors). Research shows that survivors' abilities to cope in the aftermath of sexual trauma are particularly difficult in the internet age. This struggle stems from the abilities of perpetrators to use cyberspace to abuse, harass, and threaten survivors vis-a-vis various cybercrimes: cyberstalking, cybersexual abuse, and cyberfraud. Indeed, a survivor in this study referred to the cybervictimizations as the third-victimization because it followed the sexual assault (first) and the revictimization experienced during the pursuit of justice (second). This article presents the results of semistructured interviews about the third-victimization of 48 female survivors and 89 secondary survivors, the family of the survivor. These results show that all primary and most secondary survivors (91%) experienced at least one third-victimization, with a majority experiencing multiple forms.
The current study is primarily concerned with the developments in financial technology, or fintech, that have significantly altered traditional financial systems, focusing on several risk categories that have emerged in the financial technology sector's digital ecosystem. This paper is a review of existing literature related to the risk landscape in fintech, particularly its publication trend, journal productivity, impact, affiliated organizations, and related themes. A bibliometric and content analysis of 84 articles collected through Scopus' structured database is performed for a comprehensive review. It is revealed that financial technology development has decreased physical crime while simultaneously increasing cybercrime. Another challenge is the asymmetrical technology between financial markets and the relevant supervisors. These current issues necessitate the creation of an Act on Fintech to create a comprehensive legislative framework. The present study's findings are helpful for academia and industry to aid their existing knowledge about fintech and associated risks, particularly its timeline, geographical spread, and development of coherent themes.
This chapter describes statistical approaches to cyber security. Telecommunication and computer network systems form a physical foundation of a cyberspace. Cyberspace is of critical importance to national security and economy. Because cyber attacks and cybercrime pose a considerable and increasing threat to society, security of cyber systems must be improved. In intrusion detection, three fundamental methodologies for cyber attack detection are known, namely anomaly detection, signature recognition, and attack norm separation. Based on these methodologies, various statistical approaches for detecting cyber attacks have been developed. However, cyber attacks continue to evolve. Distributed attacks are emerging that hijack and harvest the power of cloud technologies to cause disruption. System-wide approaches are needed to enable early detection of such attacks. We propose a new graph-based modeling framework and derive a network-based statistical method that could help detect compromised structures in a cyberspace. We illustrate our new approach with an example of a small cyberspace.
As Android Operating System (OS) for mobile computing devices become one of the major trends, the utilization of smartphones set the record for global users and they are taking advantages of the contemporary Instant Messaging (IM) as a convenient tool to communicate with global users in real time because of its competitive rate, high availability, robust reliability, and agile mobility. Undoubtedly, as IM has gradually become one of the channels to commit the cybercrime, the digital evidence collection, analysis, and preservation of the non-volatile data from the Random Access Memory (RAM) of the computing device in terms of cyber trails that were unknowingly left on the crime scene. Hence, this research conducts the design of the experiments to fulfill the essence of contribution of the paper. The Skype Chat and MSN are the popular IM tools, which are widely utilized in contemporary digital era. This paper provides a generic paradigm for the digital forensics specialists and law enforcement agencies to ponder if similar situations are faced.
This article examines the response to online fraud, particularly as it relates to the Australian fraud justice network. Current research indicates that victims overwhelmingly experience a negative response to reporting online fraud. Much of this can be seen to stem from a misunderstanding and unrealistic expectations on what agencies can do, their data sharing practices, and the priority and value they place on victim information. Based upon interviews with 80 Australian victims of online fraud, this article demonstrates a variety of misconceptions held by victims regarding the fraud justice network in responding to online fraud. In doing this, it draws attention to the establishment of the Australian Cybercrime Online Reporting Network (ACORN) as a central reporting mechanism for online fraud, and highlights the benefits and continued challenges posed by its introduction. It concludes with thoughts how improve online fraud responses, across both victim and fraud justice network perspectives.
Cloak-and-Dagger attacks targeting Android devices can completely hijack the UI feedback loop, with one possible consequence being that of hijacking SMS functionality for cybercrime purposes. What is of particular concern is that attackers can decouple stealth activities from SMS hijacking. Consequently the latter could he pulled off using completely legitimate apps that normally would allow users to manage text messages from their personal computers (SMSonPC), but this time all hidden away under attacker control. This work proposes a digital investigation process aiming to uncover SMS-hijacked devices. It uses bytecode instrumentation in order to force the dumping of volatile memory areas where evidence for the hijack can be located. Eventually both the malware that conceals the SMS-hijacking and the compromised or smuggled SMSonPC app can he identified. Preliminary results are presented using a case study based on the popular SMSonPC app: Pushbullet.
Exploring the challenges of Covid-19 for the European Union (EU) during March-August 2020, this article argues that contrary to prior crises the EU has demonstrated a certain degree of adaptability to a 'permanent' emergency mode. This adaptability varies across policy areas under study. Inter-crisis learning has been higher in state aid and economic governance than in the area of Schengen. Discursive shifts co-exist and have been central to the areas of cybercrime, economic governance and climate change. Additionally, and despite the tensions, there are signs of renewed political commitment to the European project and an acceleration of decisions and initiatives that had been decided or discussed before the pandemic. Although de-politicization and politicization trends continue to co-exist, we observe politicization at the top with European elites perceiving the Covid-19 emergency as an existential threat for the EU. Finally, we argue that the EU's adaptability and acceleration of prior trends do not necessarily involve a race that favor supranational tendencies.
Cyberbullying is a worldwide problem affecting mental health, education, safety and general well-being for individuals across the globe. Despite the widespread availability of the Internet, research into prevalence rates of cyberbullying in Qatar is lacking and legislating for the crime has been slow to develop. Recently there have been some positive initiatives in the country such as a Cybercrime Prevention Law, the development of a National ICI' Strategy, and a website detailing safe practice guidelines for Internet usage. HoWever, the implementation and usage of these initiatives are still limited and there is a lack of awareness of cyberbullying in Qatar. As a result, the risk factors and consequences among school-aged children are unknown. The current paper presents an evaluation of the legislative and public policy solutions to cyberbullying available in Qatar, and outlines the critical challenges that could potentially face educators in shaping best practice guidelines for the future. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
"A survey of literature shows that transforming the application files into images and employing deep learning-based models for image classification has been considered as one of the significant directions for malware detection and classification. Mainly, convolutional neural networks (CNN)-based models are successfully employed for Android malware detection and classification. This is mainly due to the reason that this type of malware detection and classification approach is platform independent and has the capability to detect metamorphic and polymorphic malware. The Image-based Android malware detection is resilient to both unpacked and packed malware. Following, this work employs various 26 CNN-based pretrained models and the detailed investigation and analysis of experiments are shown on the Image-based Android malware dataset. Each of these models have the capability to extract its own optimal features and these features are distinct to each other. The penultimate layer features of best performed CNN-based pretrained models are extracted and dimensionality of the features were reduced using kernel principal component analysis (KPCA). The reduced features were fused together and passed into a meta-classifier or stacked classifier for classification. This classifier has two levels; in the first level support vector machine (SVM) and random forest (RForest) machine learning classifier were included for prediction and logistic regression in the second level for classification. The four combinations of fused models are DenseNet, ResNet, InceptionResNet, and EfficientNet. EfficientNet-based fused models showed better performances compared to other fused models and non-fused CNN based pretrained models. Moreover, the EfficientNet-based fused models outperformed the existing approaches for Android malware detection. All the model performances were shown on two different testing datasets and the proposed model has shown the similar performances on both the testing datasets with attaining better performances during training and testing. This indicates that the proposed model is more generalizable, robust, and it can be used as tool that can be deployed in any application play store."
Taiwan has become the frontline in an emerging cyberspace battle. Cyberattacks from different countries are constantly reported during past decades. The incident of Advanced Persistent Threat (APT) is analyzed from the golden triangle components (people, process and technology) to ensure the application of digital forensics. This study presents a novel People-Process-Technology-Strategy (PPTS) model by implementing a triage investigative step to identify evidence dynamics in digital data and essential information in auditing logs. The result of this study is expected to improve APT investigation. The investigation scenario of this proposed methodology is illustrated by applying to some APT incidents in Taiwan.
The present article attempts to study the role of financial risk management in the digital economy era. The main purpose of the article is to identify the main patterns that determine the features of risk assessment in business as the main element contributing to the achievement of economic security of the organization, as well as to carry out a comparative analysis of risk assessment and risk management methods in the context of digitalization. The contemporary economic analysis employs various risk management methods. Digitalization also creates new risks, most of which are related to cybercrime and fraud on the Internet. The most effective ways to reduce risk in the context of instability of the economic and political situation in Russia are the scenarios method and the method of analyzing hierarchies, as well as diversification, i.e. the distribution of risks among several business participants. The article discusses various types of economic risks, risk analysis, and assessment methods, as well as risk neutralizing strategies.
Cybercrime is referred to as aggressive, intentional act performed through electronic communications. In recent years, lack of awareness regarding technological advancements has paved the way for an intense increase in various types of aggressive cyber-attacks such as phishing, scamming, hacking etc. Under-reporting of cybercrimes serves as a major impediment in efficient and timely handling of cybercrimes, and hence can cause serious consequences. Manually staying informed regarding emerging cybersecurity threats is a time taking and laborious task, creating the need of developing robust systems that could efficiently report news related to cybercrimes. This requires development of information retrieval models to extract cybersecurity news belonging to different categories from various online resources. The focus of this research is to propose a model for detection of cyber offences reported on news articles and blogs. Further in order to analyze the authenticity of news obtained via news articles/blogs, a novel source verification model is proposed by investigating various authenticity parameters and assigning weightages to these parameters.
Conventional terrorism has been around for hundreds of years and even though its tactics and the weapons of choice have evolved over time as well as the use and deployment of weapons may have changed the root definition of terrorism has remained relatively untouched. With the advent of mass computing, cybercrime has increased year on year. This chapter will look at three differing viewpoints of cyberterrorism and its ultimate effects on society. Many industry and academic experts warn that it is only a matter of time before conventional terrorist acts will migrate to the digital arena in the form of cyberterrorism. Current literature suggests that a countries critical national infrastructure will be the main focus of attack for the cyberterrorist but this chapter will address another possible target for the cyberterrorist using a different type of cyber weapon: a mimetic virus. This chapter also looks at how a mimetic virus could use social media to spread throughout the target audience using what is known as Internet memes.
Social Networking Service (SNS) emerges to be one of the most promising directions of web applications regarding the next generation of Internet technology evolutions. Substantively, innumerable global on-line community members share common interests with each other via the User Generated Content (UGC) platforms. Facebook is one of them and it facilitates the social networking participants to deliver the digital contents to authorized consumers or specific groups. As cybercrimes mushroom in recent years, more and more digital crime investigations have strong relations to Facebook. Unarguably, Facebook has been exploited via global perpetrators. Consequently, we spotlight on live data acquisition within the RAM of the desktop PC with emphasis on some distinct strings that could be found in order to reconstruct the previous Facebook session, which plays an extremely precious role for the associate digital forensics investigators to incubate additional thoughtful decisions concerning the discovery of breadcrumb digital evidences in this unparalleled cybercrime incidents era.
Illicit activity in cryptocurrency has increased dramatically over the years. Bitcoin mechanics allow for users to mask their identity through obfuscation techniques. Much research has been published in the domain of identifying illicit activity in cryptocurrency, and in particular the emergence of Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) has shown great promise in this area. In this paper, we propose two graph preprocessing methods to improve performance and robustness of our node classification GNN models in identifying illicit transactions in the Bitcoin network. Our methods focus on graph restructuring through measuring the connectivity of nodes in a graph, and the similarity of the underlying features each node possesses. We demonstrate the graph restructuring methodologies on five GNN architectures and empirically show an improvement of evaluation metrics when compared against the unprocessed graph dataset. We compare our proposed methods against other imbalanced node classification techniques on a common graph dataset. This methodology has great opportunity in the transaction monitoring landscape for exchanges and financial institutions attempting to capture potential illicit activity taking place on their networks including money laundering.
The relevance of the article lies in the fact that in the conditions of intensive expansion of information flow information security has become the least protected element of national security, especially in Ukraine. The purpose of the research is to study the effectiveness of the activity of state bodies, to analyse regulatory acts of the Republic of Estonia and to determine the possibility of their adaptation in Ukraine. The features of information security in the Republic of Estonia are considered in the article. It is noted that the main factors that have helped to increase the level of information security in Estonia are the developed information infrastructure, effective cybersecurity policy and reliable protection of personal data. Cybersecurity has been found to depend on combating cybercrime, improving critical infrastructure and e-services, and providing national defence. Practical recommendations are given regarding Ukraine's acquisition of Estonia's experience in the field of information security.
Online cybercriminal communities exist in various geopolitical regions, including America, China, Russia, and more. Some multilingual forums exist where cybercriminals of differing geopolitical origin interact and exchange hacking knowledge and cybercriminal assets. Researchers can study such forums to better understand the global cybercriminal supply chain and cybercrime trends. However, little work has focused on identifying members of different language groups and geopolitical origin within such forums. One challenge is the necessity of a technique that scales across multiple languages. We are motivated to explore computational techniques that support automated and scalable categorization of cybercriminal forum participants into varying language groups. In particular, we make use of Paragraph Vectors, a state-of-the-art neural network language model to generate fixed-length vector representations (i.e., document embeddings) of messages posted by forum participants. Results indicate Paragraph Vectors outperforms traditional n-gram frequency approaches for generating document embeddings that are useful for clustering cybercriminals into language groups.
Sometimes, machine learning models can determine the trajectory of human life, and a series of cascading ethical failures could be irreversible. Ethical concerns are nevertheless set to increase, in particular when the injection of algorithmic forms of decision-making occurs in highly sensitive security contexts. In cybercrime, there have been cases of algorithms that have not identified racist and hateful speeches, as well as missing the identification of Image Based Sexual Abuse cases. Hence, this paper intends to add a voice of caution on the vulnerabilities pervading the different stages of a machine learning development pipeline and the ethical challenges that these potentially nurture and perpetuate. To highlight both the issues and potential fixes in an adversarial environment, we use Child Sexual Exploitation and its implications on the Internet as a case study, being 2021 its worst year according to the Internet Watch Foundation.
Understanding perception and risk behavior of citizens in a particular country can influence policies that leads to creation of appropriate cyber laws that guarantees citizens' security and privacy in cyber related transactions. UAE cyber activity and perception data is compared with data from nine developed nations. Results obtained have shown that with respect to monetary loss due to cybercrime versus relative risk, UAE is at par with Canada. Combination of results obtained suggests a need for aggressive promotion of cybersecurity awareness program in UAE. Although digital maturity, access to Internet and cybersecurity awareness in UAE may be low compared to other developed nations, cyber risk behavior is comparatively the same as in other nine developed nations. One major contribution of this research is that methodologies are presented that can be used in developing cybersecurity assessment of cybersecurity risk behaviors, and comparison of cyber related risk behavior among countries.
The emergence of a preventive cybersecurity paradigm that aims to eliminate the sources of cybercrime threats is becoming an increasingly necessary complement to the current self-defensive cybersecurity systems. One concern associated with adopting such preventive measures is the risk of privacy infringement. Therefore, it is necessary to design the future Internet infrastructure so that it can appropriately balance preventive cybersecurity measures with privacy protections. This research proposes to design the Internet infrastructure using the preventive cybersecurity measures of the Bright Internet, namely preventive cybersecurity protocol and identifiable anonymity protocol, and ten privacy rights derived from Europe's General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR). We then analyze the legitimacy of the five steps of the preventive cybersecurity protocol and the four features of the identifiable anonymity protocol from the perspectives of ten privacy rights. We address the legitimacy from the perspective of potential victims' self-defense rights. Finally, we discuss four potential risks that may occur to the innocent senders and proposed resilient recovery procedures.
Cybercrime in the health sector is a growing threat in the digital age. With computerization of medical records and telemedicine on the rise, cyberattacks can have devastating consequences. Leaking sensitive data or hijacking systems can compromise patient's privacy and jeopardize healthcare. To counter this threat, robust cybersecurity measures are required as a protective measure. This article aims to expose the main dangers and threats faced by ICT, as well as present cybersecurity with its bioethical implications and, finally, the ideal scheme for it in the health sector in order to create a safer and more efficient environment. This article aims to address these issues and provide a comprehensive view of how cybersecurity and ICT can coexist safely and effectively in the healthcare field. (c) 2024 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Espana, S.L.U. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
As compared to women in industrialized and developed nations, household women in Iraq do not lead standard lives. The proliferation of digital media platforms for communication has led to an upsurge in cyberbullying of household women in Iraq. In Iraq, there are only a few laws against cyberbullying, and the current structure of government and justice does not adequately protect women from this type of abuse. In order to understand the causes and prevalence of cyberbullying of women in Iraq, interviews with various Iraqi women were performed as part of this study. The results of this study show that cyberbullying against women in Iraq is a result of illiteracy, a lack of resources, and the absence of contemporary criminal legislation. The study comes to the conclusion that the Iraqi government can lessen the practice of cyberbullying against women by improving police administration and the criminal justice system. The study has crucial theoretical and practical ramifications for Iraq's efforts to outlaw cyberbullying and cybercrime against women.
Nowadays, the Internet has penetrated into every corner of people's lives. It brings convenience to my life as well as certain risks. Millions of new types of malware appear every day, affecting thousands or even millions of home computer users. And attackers can use fully automated design and reuse malware, which makes the threshold for cybercrime lower and lower. Therefore, we urgently need a detection technology that can be applied to the current rapidly changing malware ecosystem. Based on the fact that the implementation of software functions must use Windows API functions, this paper proposes to dynamically extract the API call sequence patterns of different categories of malware, then used FastText as the classifier and word representation. The model is applied to two open malware datasets, and the experimental results show that the proposed method has high detection rate and low false alarm rate, which proves that it can effectively detect and classify malware.
The studies on underground forums and marketplaces have significantly advanced our understandings of cybercrime workflows and underground economies. Researchers of underground economies have conducted comprehensive studies on public interactions. However, little research focuses on private interactions. The lack of the investigation on private interactions may cause misunderstandings on underground economies, as users in underground forums and marketplaces tend to share the minimal amount of information in public interactions and resort to private messages for follow-up conversations. In this paper, we propose methods to investigate the underground private interactions and we analyze a recently leaked dataset from Nulled.io. We present analyses on the contents and purposes of private messages. In addition, we design machine learning-based models that only use the publicly available information to detect if two underground users privately communicate with each other. Finally, we perform adversarial analysis to evaluate the robustness of the detector to different types of attacks.
Cyber-incidents threaten the confidentiality, efficiency, and integrity of digital information systems, causing privacy risks, economic losses, and reputational damages, and exposing managerial limitations. Although these phenomena are becoming more frequent in public agencies, research to date has mainly focused on private sector organizations and individuals. In this study, we contribute to the broader literature on cyber-incidents by exploring the drivers of both security breaches and unauthorized data disclosures in public organizations. Drawing from routine activity theory, we develop hypotheses on the determinants of cyber-incidents in departments in small and medium-sized US cities and test them using data from a national survey of public managers. Our findings suggest that both environmental and organizational factors are key determinants of cyber-incidents in city government. The results demonstrate the application of routine activity theory to public sector organizations and identify external and internal elements related to cyber-incidents in city government departments.
Cybercrime around the world is increasing day by day abruptly. Stego attack is one of the popular methods of transferring the message secretly through the cover medium. Most of the sources are using this process for covert communication. The paper discusses the importance and analysis of data hiding theft and covert communication process through steganalysis where it talks about the covered writing in such a way that the mutation of an image is not discernible. The main motive of this paper is to attack and analyze the Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM) file format. The file format DICOM discussed in this research is mostly supported in the medical field. CT Scans and MRI Scans are widely used in hospitals to view the human body. The random pixels is chosen to hide the text on the DICOM formats and the performance is measured using different metrics. The proposed approach produces 100% recovery of the hidden text inside an image with maximum payload capacity.
Global crime governance has become a major area of international activity, including a growing number of public and private regulatory efforts. Yet it is puzzling that a considerable variance exists in how state and non-state actors interact: non-state actors have been important agenda-setters in some issue areas, while they have been absent in others. Sometimes they are implementation bodies, sometimes they set regulations themselves. I argue that this variance is caused by issue characteristics: If an issue area is framed in a highly moralised way, it is likely that resulting non-governmental activity can be explained by normative convictions, and in particular advocacy occurs frequently. If an issue area is framed in a technical way, resource exchange is central, and delegation to non-state actors becomes more prominent. A comparison of human trafficking, conflict diamonds, money laundering and cybercrime shows that this relation can be found on the global and national level.
Information technology is developing rapidly today, which makes our life more convenient. Network is not only one of the important information technology products, but it also brings cybercrime, for example, Botnet infected and controlled computers which are usually established through a virus infection in many organizations, such as companies, schools or our home. Botnet do DDOS, phishing, sending spam and stealing of personal information. Every year the amount of infected victims is increasing. The botnet detection is more important day after day. However, Botnet often changed communication tools and transmission to hide, the detection has become difficult and botnet have multiple different implementations. We analyze three types of botnet traffic. There are IRC based, HTTP based and Peer to Peer based botnet. In this paper we construct simulation network to obtain different botnet traffic and extract flow data as some features. To find the important feature of botnet traffic, we use the Support Vector Machine as classifier with Swarm intelligence.
Students at the Tshwane University of Technology (TUT) may be potential victims of cyber-crime. Students need to know how to avoid being victims of cybercrime and may not know how to gain the knowledge. Electronic Safety (e-Safety) education and awareness can be accomplished through game based media such as educational video games. However, these games mostly focus on narrow aspects, such as anti-phishing, secure logins, anti-virus etc., and are often not readily available. To gain full advantage of game based tools, e-Safety games need to be customised to satisfy the targeted organisation's security policies and needs. This study aims to propose a game-based e-learning model focusing on e-Safety education. As proof of concept a proposed prototype model will be developed, implemented and evaluated. The model is expected to unleash game-based learning benefits by enhancing engagement, improving motivation and influencing positive behaviour towards e-Safety education.
In this article, a comprehensive approach to information sharing framework aimed at increasing network security and survivability is presented. Currently, in order to defend complex cyber-attacks and sophisticated cybercrime, comprehensive means of ensuring network security and survivability are highly demanded. Comprehensive is understood as (at least) technical, human, organizational, and regulatory dimensions, whereas technical means that both on-line and off-line aspects should be carefully taken into account. The focus of this article is on the technical dimension and, in particular, on information exchange mechanisms for on-line and off-line dimension. Firstly, the on-line information exchange mechanism dedicated for interconnected federated networks is described. Then, a proposition of the off-line network information sharing approach regarding results of the risk assessment, cybersecurity audits, threat ranking, etc., is discussed. Developments and results of information sharing mechanisms in both on-line and off-line network security dimensions are also described.
While many attacks are distributed across botnets, investigators and network operators have recently identified malicious networks through high profile autonomous system (AS) depeerings and network shutdowns. In this paper, we explore whether some ASs indeed are safe havens for malicious activity. We look for ISPs and ASs that exhibit disproportionately high malicious behavior using 10 popular blacklists, plus local spam data, and extensive DNS resolutions based on the contents of the blacklists. We find that some ASs have over 80% of their routable IP address space blacklisted. Yet others account for large fractions of blacklisted IP addresses. Several ASs regularly peer with ASs associated with significant malicious activity. We also find that malicious ASs as a whole differ from benign ones in other properties not obviously related to their malicious activities, such as more frequent connectivity changes with their BGP peers. Overall, we conclude that examining malicious activity at AS granularity can unearth networks with lax security or those that harbor cybercrime.
Podslurping is the intentional or unintentional use of a portable USB mass storage device, such as a USB flash drive (or thumb drive), to illicitly download and store confidential and proprietary data from network endpoint [1]. There are many establishments and organization that are unaware of, or choose to remain ignorant about the threat that can be caused by portable devices in their network setting until some events that can be from a minor unfortunate incident to a complete catastrophe. In the information age, cybercrime and information leakage increase, because endpoints are an easy target [2]. The key to managing portable devices in business environment is to give administrator direct control over what devices are in use on your network. In this paper we present the implementation of access and identity management for endpoint protection and data security from USB devices to maintain information security and data theft prevention in a corporate environment.
Cybercrime is a multifaceted and forever changing phenomenon. It is found that Cyber criminals who are becoming more classy and stylish are making consumers of both private and public organizations their prey. To prevent attacks additional layers of defense are required. It has been observed that Cyber crime has increased in density and complexity and financial costs ever since organizations have adopted the use of computers in carrying out their business processes. An example of the case studies carried out on cyber crimes is the Parliament attack case. The main points discussed in this chapter are Cyber crime and cyber security, the unusual cyber crimes that we come across. Various prevention techniques and detection techniques like Tripwires, Honey Pots, anomaly detection system, configuration checking tools and operating system commands, various acts that have been imposed against Cyber crime and online safety tips are also discussed.
Researchers have begun to explore the problem of mass data breaches, where consumer information is acquired by cybercriminals and sold in open markets on-line. Although studies document the social processes of the market and relationships between buyers and sellers, few have considered the revenues earned from market transactions. This study explored these issues using a sample of threads from 10 Russian language and 3 English language Web forums used to sell stolen data. Estimates were generated on the total number of transactions completed by participants along with the advertised prices for the two most common forms of personal information sold. The findings demonstrated that buyers may earn a range of revenues from the sale of stolen data, although this figure was smaller than the potential profits earned from fraudulent use and identity crimes by data buyers. The implications of this study for cybercrime research and policy are explored in detail.
The disruptive shift of technologies in the Internet age poses the challenge of securing our digital asset and cyberspace from large-scale, sophisticatedly targeted offenses and cybercrimes. As a response, many governments have introduced mandatory notification schemes in which an entity bears an obligation to notify the regulator and affected individuals if personal data it holds is compromised. Focusing on Australia's Notifiable Data Breach (NDB) scheme introduced in 2018, this paper points out that the NDB scheme gives entities that should be responsible for data protection much leeway while holding individuals, only victims of a data breach, responsible for dealing with the consequences. This is problematic as redressing the grievances caused by a data breach is difficult in the Australian context. It is difficult for a victim of a breach of privacy to bring an action in court mainly because there is no established tort of privacy in Australia. Further, bringing a class action for data breaches is a difficult process. We suggest that the real effect of the NDB scheme requires an understanding in a broader context of Australian Privacy Principles (APPs). Regulated in a broader APPs context, the NDB scheme could become a part of a privacy protection regime that requires public agencies and businesses to have better accountability and responsibility mechanisms. (C) 2020 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
To expedite the forensic investigation process in the cloud, excessive and yet volatile data need to be acquired, transmitted, and analyzed in a timely manner. A common assumption for most existing forensic systems is that credible data can always be collected from a cloud infrastructure, which might be susceptible to various exploits. In this paper, we present the design, implementation, and evaluation of LiveForen, a system that enforces a trustworthy forensic data acquisition and transmission process in the cloud, whose computer platforms' integrity has been verified. To fulfill this objective, we propose two secure protocols that verify the fingerprints of the computer platforms, as well as the attributes of the human agents, by taking advantage of the trusted platform module and the attribute-based encryption. To transmit forensic data as a data stream and verify its integrity at the same time, a unique fragile watermark is embedded into the data stream without altering the data itself. The watermark allows not only the data integrity to be verified but also any malicious data manipulation to be localized, with minimum communication overhead. The experimental results demonstrate that LiveForen achieves good scalability and limited performance overhead for authentication, data transmission, and integrity verification in an Infrastructure-as-a-Service cloud environment.
"Revenge pornography, or non-consensual dissemination of sexually explicit material, has become a new cyber offence where the perpetrators target the sexual integrity of the victims by sharing the sexually explicit media of a victim online, and therefore seriously damaging both the sexual integrity and identity of the victim. Thus, mainly in countries with Anglo-American law systems, revenge pornography is being treated as a serious sexual offence. On the other hand, the traditional criminal law concept in countries adhering to the continental law system is firmly anchored in the belief that the attacked virtue of revenge pornography is the right to privacy of an individual. Therefore, criminalising revenge pornography only as a privacy violation crime. Consequently, the offence in these countries is not taken as seriously, or punished as harshly, as is the case involving sexual offences. The purpose of this article is multifold: to suggest an ideal criminal law definition for revenge pornography; to explore some dilemmas that the continental criminal law doctrine is facing when dealing with revenge pornography; and to compare criminal law legislations of certain countries of central Europe in order to explicitly propose specific legislative solutions."
This chapter explores collective information processing among black-hat hackers during their crises events. The chapter presents a preliminary study on one of Tor-based darknet market forums, during the shutdowns of two cryptomarkets. Content and network analysis of forum conversations showed that blackhat users mostly engaged with rational information processing and were adept at reaching collective solutions by sharing security advices, new market information, and alternative routes for economic activities. At the same time, the study also found that anti-social and distrustful interactions were aggravated during the marketplace shutdowns. Communication network analysis showed that not all members were affected by the crisis events, alluding to a fragmented network structure of black-hat markets. The chapter concludes that, while darknet forums may constitute resilient, solution-oriented users, market crises potentially make the community vulnerable by engendering internal distrust.
As computing and communication technologies become ubiquitous throughout society, researchers and practitioners have become motivated to advance current cybersecurity capabilities. In particular, research on the human element behind cybercrime would offer new knowledge on securing cyberspace against those with malicious intent. Past work documents the existence of many hacker communities with participants sharing various cybercriminal assets and knowledge. However, participants vary in expertise, with some possessing only passing curiosity while others are capable cybercriminals. Here we develop a time-to-event based approach for assessing the relationship between various participation behaviors and participation length among hacker Internet Relay Chat (IRC) community participants. Using both the Kaplan-Meier model and Cox's model, we are able to develop predictions on individuals' participation trajectory based on a series of message content and social network features. Results indicate that participation volume, discussion of pertinent topics, and social interconnectedness are all important at varying levels for identifying participants within hacker communities that have potential to become adept cybercriminals.
People with intellectual and developmental disabilities remain more digital excluded than many other groups within society. Perceived vulnerability of people with intellectual and developmental disabilities by those providing support may increase their digital exclusion and the digital divide. Few studies have considered online risk from the perspective of adults with intellectual and developmental disabilities. Online risks have previously been classified as contact, conduct and content but little is known about how adults with intellectual disabilities experience these specific risks. Underpinned by post-postivist and phenomenological epistemologies, perceptions and meanings of online risks for people with intellectual and developmental disabilities were gathered. Individual interviews were conducted with thirteen adults with intellectual and developmental disabilities who all identified themselves as self advocates. Interview discussions considered online risk experiences of being online and using social media. Data were audio recorded, transcribed verbatim and analysed using thematic analysis. Overarching themes of risk experiences, awareness and support to manage salient risks, and developing independence and resilience through online participation were identified. Accounts also identified concerns around online risks and carer gatekeeping as potential instrumental factors in digital exclusion, such exclusion was considered detrimental to wellbeing. Adults with intellectual disabilities with low support needs appeared more able to manage online risk than may be presupposed by a vulnerability-focused perspective. The importance of utilising language salient to the person when discussing risk was also highlighted. Experiential learning to better understand and manage salient online risks appears a way forward for both research and practice.
The rapid development of information technology and the problem of its rapid implementation in all spheres of public life, the growing importance of information in management decisions to be made by public authorities, a new format of media - these and other factors urge the problem of developing and implementing quality state information security policy. The aim of the article was to conduct a comparative analysis of the latest practices of improving public information security policies in the European Union, as well as European countries such as Poland, Germany, Great Britain, and Ukraine. The formal-logic, system-structural and problemtheoretical methods were the leading methodological tools. The analysis of regulatory legal acts showed that there is a single concept of international information security at the global and regional levels, which requires additional legal instruments for its implementation. It is stated that the reform of national information security policies has a direct impact on the formation of a single global information space. According to the results of the study, it is substantiated that the United Kingdom is characterized by the most promising information security policy.
"With the widespread concerns about cyber terrorism and the frequent use of the term cyber terrorism at the present time, many international organisations have made efforts to combat this threat. Since cyber terrorism is an international crime, local regulations alone are not able to defend against such attacks; they require a transnational response. Therefore, an attacked country will invoke international law to seek justice for any damage caused, through the exercise of universal jurisdiction. Without the aid of international organisations, it is difficult to prevent cyber terrorism. At the same time, international organisations determine which state court, or international court, has the authority to settle a dispute. The objective of this paper is to analyse and review the effectiveness and sufficiency of the current global responses to cyber terrorism through the exercise of international jurisdiction. This article also touches upon the notion of cyber terrorism as a transnational crime and an international threat; thus, national regulations alone cannot prevent it. The need for an international organisation to prevent and defend nations from cyber terrorism attacks is pressing. This paper finds that, as cyber terrorism is a transnational crime, it should be subjected to universal jurisdiction through multinational cooperation, and this would be the most suitable method to counter future transnational crimes such as cyber terrorism. (C) 2013 Pardis Moslemzadeh Tehrani, Nazura Abdul Manap & Hossein Taji. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
As part of their role, digital forensic practitioners are often faced with case-specific investigative inquiries which they must attempt to address and provide an appropriate answer to their client. Such investigative questions can take many forms wherein every instance, any response they offer must be reliable. To be reliable, any response to an inquiry must be derived from justifiable and robust processes and information, coined here as the underpinning scaffolding. This work offers a discussion of response scaffolding, what it is and why it is required in digital forensics with the three ways that this can be achieved outlined-via past experience, targeted testing or through reference to appropriate existing bodies of knowledge. Each one is examined in turn and their use is demonstrated via an overarching hypothetical example which is deployed and utilized throughout the analysis narrative for illustrative purposes. This article is categorized under: Digital and Multimedia Science > Cybercrime Investigation
"Cybercrime analysis reports state that the crime percentage has been doubled from past 3 to 4 years, and most of the crimes are being successful due to the lack of proper identity verification mechanism that is nothing but the authenticity verificationmechanism. The authentication of the user can be done by various authentication protocols but still, the attacks are being success; this shows the necessity of improving the efficiency of the authentication algorithms, and this can be done accurately by analysis various existingmechanisms proposed by various researchers. On analyzing the various protocols of authentication, the loop pits of the existing schemes can be recorded, which gives an ideology of filling the loopholes of the same. Therefore, this paper analyzes the most recently proposed multifactor authentication scheme by Mishra et al. Based on various characteristics that are to be considered in designing an authentication protocol, the scheme is been analyzed. A detailed explanation of various vulnerabilities of Mishra et al.'s scheme is given in this paper."
This paper presents a novel, interdisciplinary insider threat prediction and prevention model which combines several approaches, techniques and tools from computer science, criminology and psychology. It is based on the fraud diamond which comprises four components: pressure (i.e. motive), opportunity, capability and rationalisation. In general, it has been found that a criminal must have the motive and opportunity to commit a crime. However, the criminal must also have the capability to commit crime particularly in the cybercrime domain. Furthermore, criminals tend to rationalise (i.e. excuse) their crimes. The model presented here involves leveraging the fraud diamond to predict and prevent insider threats. Typically insider threat prediction and prevention models tend to overlook the privacy concerns of insiders. Hence the deployment of the model involves gathering information about the insider's possible intent within a privacy-preserving context. This will help to identify high risk insider threats while balancing privacy concerns.
Cybercrime is on the rise and it's widely believed that an appropriate cyber hygiene is essential to secure our digital lives. The expression cyber hygiene appears in conversations, conferences, scientific articles, legal texts, governmental publications and commercial websites. However, what cyber hygiene is, what is appropriate or optimal cyber hygiene, or what is really meant by this expression and related practices-that is often varying and even somewhat contradicting. We review and analyze selected academic papers, government and corporate publications with the focus on implicit and explicit definitions of what cyber hygiene means to the authors. We also draw parallels and contrast the expression in cyber security context and terminology (cyber awareness, behavior and culture). We present a conceptual analysis and propose a definition to assist in achieving a universal understanding and approach to cyber hygiene. This work is intended to stimulate a clarifying discussion of what appropriate cyber hygiene is, how it should be defined and positioned in the wider cyber security context in order to help changing the human behavior for achieving a more secure connected world.
Earlier, in [1-5], we presented a case study of a cybercrime w. r. t. tripartite case of cybercrimes of (1) Violation of State Emblem of India Prevention of Improper Use Act 2005 (2) Cheating crime and (3) Sedition crime [6]. The cybercrimes were perpetrated by the culprit organization, JNTUHJAC, which was operational in the JNTUH University overtly and covertly. The case was based on web mining [7] results drawn from the web crawler tool, Wayback machine [8]. W. r. t. the case, the charge sheet was detailed in [5]. In this paper, we present the judgment in the aftermath of the chargesheet [4, 9]. We present that the Cyberabad police failed to make use of the cyberforensic evidence in handling the case. We present that the significance of Cyberethics in the case. Policing and judiciary are not just sufficient in handling cybercrimes. Cybercounseling and guidance is crucial in generating public opinion, national integration and academic development to remedy the flaws in handling the cybercrimes by organizational means such as police dept. and judiciary.
In the past decade the increase of for-profit cybercrime has given rise to an entire underground ecosystem supporting large-scale abuse, a facet of which encompasses the bulk registration of fraudulent accounts. In this paper, we present a 10 month longitudinal study of the underlying technical and financial capabilities of criminals who register phone verified accounts (PVA). To carry out our study, we purchase 4,695 Google PVA as well as pull a random sample of 300,000 Google PVA that Google disabled for abuse. We find that miscreants rampantly abuse free VOIP services to circumvent the intended cost of acquiring phone numbers, in effect undermining phone verification. Combined with short lived phone numbers from India and Indonesia that we suspect are tied to human verification farms, this confluence of factors correlates with a market-wide price drop of 30-40% for Google PVA until Google penalized verifications from frequently abused carriers. We distill our findings into a set of recommendations for any services performing phone verification as well as highlight open challenges related to PVA abuse moving forward.
The advancement of technology has paved the way for a new type of bullying, which often leads to negative stigma in the social setting. Cyberbullying is a cybercrime wherein one individual becomes the target of harassment and hatred. It has recently become more prevalent due to a rise in the usage of social media platforms, and, in some severe situations, it has even led to victims' suicides. In the literature, several cyberbullying detection methods are proposed, but they are mainly focused on word-based data and user account attributes. Furthermore, most of them are related to the English language. Meanwhile, only a few papers have studied cyberbullying detection in Arabic social media platforms. This paper, therefore, aims to use machine learning in the Arabic language for automatic cyberbullying detection. The proposed mechanism identifies cyberbullying using the Support Vector Machine (SVM) classifier algorithm by using a real dataset obtained from YouTube and Twitter to train and test the classifier. Moreover, we include the Farasa tool to overcome text limitations and improve the detection of bullying attacks.
Technology has had a vertiginous advance and the law must be present in the invention of the Metaverse, -beyond the universe, -people will carry out a large number of legal, educational, sports, cultural, social acts, among others, that will impact on their lives, they will do it through a representation through the avatar in a virtual world, that there must be transparency and ethical principles, to be protected against illegality and cybercrime. Education about this technology that teaches students must instill ethical values. The conclusion of contracts is possible in this digital medium. The objective of the research is to create awareness among the public interested in learning about this innovative and useful world. The method used was carried out through documentary study and personal analysis with information from serious and current technological publications. The main results are to establish the importance of transparency in the metaverse, and the care applied and included in the legal world. In future studies, aspects and legal figures should be created that are applied in said universe when staging scenarios.
"The aim of this study was to examine the optimal types and measures of legal liability for crimes in the field of illicit trade in pharmaceuticals in the conditions of the COVID-19 pandemic. The research used methods of systematic approach, descriptive analysis, synthesis and prognosis, systematic and formal legal and comparative selection. It has been established that illicit trade in pharmaceuticals is carried out by organized criminal groups and is related to corruption and cybercrime. Also, the article has revealed typical legal flaws, which complicate international cooperation in this field and lead to noncompliance with international standards of criminalization and imposition of sanctions for illegal circulation of counterfeit medicines. All this leads to the conclusion that the illicit trade in pharmaceuticals manifests itself in a series of offenses for which administrative or criminal liability must be foreseen. Equally promising is the development of a model for law enforcement activity that includes criminalization of trade in low-quality, unregistered and counterfeit pharmaceuticals, according to international standards; proportional punishments for natural persons and influence measures for legal persons and compensation for their victims."
"In the UK schools are required by law to protect students from bullying; the responsibility of teachers to govern such behaviour has been extended outside the school setting to include cyberbullying. In this investigation, cyberbullying in secondary education is explored from the student perspective using a qualitative method of enquiry. Reported awareness and understanding about the legal aspects of cyberbullying are investigated; consideration is given to legislation, cybercrime, children's rights, school sanctions and safeguarding responsibilities. A total of 197 male and female students aged between 11 and 14 years old participated. Despite the availability of information on guidelines and legislation at national, local, and school level, this does not appear to have reached ground level of the individual student. There is a considerable gap between what students should know and what they report to be aware of with regard to legal aspects of cyberbullying. To address concerns of keeping up with the pace of change in cyberbullying, a collaborative approach is required with young people and adults sharing expertise."
One of the challenges in fighting cybercrime is to understand the dynamics of message propagation on botnets, networks of infected computers used to send viruses, unsolicited commercial emails ( SPAM) or denial of service attacks. We map this problem to the propagation of multiple random walkers on directed networks and we evaluate the interarrival time distribution between successive walkers arriving at a target. We show that the temporal organization of this process, which models information propagation on unstructured peer to peer networks, has the same features as SPAM reaching a single user. We study the behavior of the message interarrival time distribution on three different network topologies using two different rules for sending messages. In all networks the propagation is not a pure Poisson process. It shows universal features on Poissonian networks and a more complex behavior on scale free networks. Results open the possibility to indirectly learn about the process of sending messages on networks with unknown topologies, by studying interarrival times at any node of the network.
We present a new approach to tackle the problem of metamorphic robots' reconfiguration. Given the chain-type metamorphic robot's initial and target configuration, we compute a reconfiguration plan that is provably physically collision-free. Our solution employs a specific heuristic. The robot initially reconfigures to a shape that resembles an octopus with many tentacles. After that, the tentacles gradually reconnect to each other using inverse kinematics, separating one tentacle from the body and keeping the other one connected. This strategy eventually leads to a snake-like structure of the robot. For the target configuration, we compute the reconfiguration plan with the same procedure, however, we reverse the plan to reconfigure the robot from the snake-like structure to the target shape. According to our experimental evaluation, our newly introduced strategy for finding reconfiguration plans is successful. It efficiently finds collision-free plans even for robots consisting of hundreds of modules.
For several years there has been debate among EU Member States on the need to regulate cross-border access to electronic data used as evidence in criminal proceedings and how best to do this. The existing model of cooperation, based mainly on bilateral agreements, appears dysfunctional and is perceived by many as a barrier to effectively combatting rising cross-border crime. In response, work has begun on several new legal mechanisms, most importantly the draft e-Evidence Regulation from the European Commission and a proposal to extend the Convention on Cybercrime - already in operation for almost 20 years - with an additional new protocol. At the same time, the United States has proposed its own model of cooperation, arising from the CLOUD Act. This article discusses the current state of play and the expected shape of future regulations - in terms of both facilitating law enforcement cooperation and clarifying obligations imposed on digital service providers.
Malicious software, popularly known as malware, is a serious threat to modern computing systems. A comprehensive cybercrime study by Ponemon Institute highlights that malware is the most expensive attack for organizations, with an average revenue loss of $2.6 million per organization in 2018 (11% increase compared to 2017). Recent high-profile malware attacks coupled with serious economic implications have dramatically changed our perception of threat from malware. Software-based solutions, such as anti-virus programs, are not effective since they rely on matching patterns (signatures) that can be easily fooled by carefully crafted malware with obfuscation or other deviation capabilities. Moreover, software-based solutions are not fast enough for real-time malware detection in safety-critical systems. In this paper, we investigate promising approaches for hardware-assisted malware detection using machine learning. Specifically, we explore how machine learning can be effective for malware detection utilizing hardware performance counters, embedded trace buffer as well as on-chip network traffic analysis.
EXplainable artificial intelligence (XAI) is an emerging research area relating to the creation of machine learning algorithms from which explanations for outputs are provided. In many fields, such as law enforcement, it is necessary that decisions made by and with the assistance of artificial intelligence (AI)-based tools can be justified and explained to a human. We seek to explore the potential of XAI to further enhance triage and analysis of digital forensic evidence, using examples of the current state of the art as a starting point. This opinion letter will discuss both practical and novel ideas as well as controversial points for leveraging XAI to improve the efficacy of digital forensic (DF) analysis and extract forensically sound pieces of evidence (also known as artifacts) that could be used to assist investigations and potentially in a court of law. This article is categorized under: Digital and Multimedia Science > Artificial Intelligence Digital and Multimedia Science > Cybercrime Investigation
Phishing is one of the cybercrime methods which seems to be increasing steadily targeting unsuspecting users. Nowadays, the impact of phishing extended to include organizations that provide services via the Internet. Such organizations become more susceptible to lose their reputation and their competitive edges because of phishing. Classifying a website into a phishing or legitimate depends mainly on the status of a set of significant attributes that exist in the website. Various solutions have been developed to mitigate phishing attacks. Yet, there is no solution that was able to solve the problem completely. One of the encouraging methods that can be utilized is the data mining. Specifically, the induction of classification rules. In this article, a novel association classification algorithm is suggested and applied to the well-known phishing websites dataset in the UCI repository. The experimental results were promising with respect to several evaluation criteria that are commonly utilised in evaluating classification data mining domains.
Research into the established area of ITS is evolving into the Internet of Vehicles (IoV), itself a fast-moving research area, fuelled in part by rapid changes in computing and communication technologies. Using pseudonym certificate is a popular way to address privacy issues in IoV. Therefore, the certificate management scheme is considered as a feasible technique to manage system and maintain the lifecycle of certificate. In this paper, we propose an efficient pseudonym certificate management scheme in IoV. The Blockchain concept is introduced to simplify the network structure and distributed maintenance of the Certificate Revocation List (CRL). The proposed scheme embeds part of the certificate revocation functions within the security and privacy applications, aiming to reduce the communication overhead and shorten the processing time cost. Extensive simulations and analysis show the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed scheme, in which the Blockchain structure costs fewer network resources and gives a more economic solution to against further cybercrime attacks.
The cyber world provides an anonymous environment for criminals to conduct malicious activities such as spamming, sending ransom e-mails, and spreading botnet malware. Often, these activities involve textual communication between a criminal and a victim, or between criminals themselves. The forensic analysis of online textual documents for addressing the anonymity problem called authorship analysis is the focus of most cybercrime investigations. Authorship analysis is the statistical study of linguistic and computational characteristics of the written documents of individuals. This paper is the first work that presents a unified data mining solution to address authorship analysis problems based on the concept of frequent pattern-based writeprint. Extensive experiments on real-life data suggest that our proposed solution can precisely capture the writing styles of individuals. Furthermore, the writeprint is effective to identify the author of an anonymous text from a group of suspects and to infer sociolinguistic characteristics of the author. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
This paper presents the current issues and proposes legal remedies for removing the barriers to gathering cross-border electronic evidence for a more efficient fight against crime and cybercrime. It presents the legal scene in the EU, the efforts related to the implementation of the Directive 2014/41/EU regarding the European Investigation Order in criminal matters, and the provision of legal procedures for e-evidence collection proposed within the EU proposal for the Directive for orders to preserve and produce evidence related to criminal acts in a territory different from the location of the crime act. The results of the EU LIVE_FOR project intended to raise the awareness and improve the implementation of the Directive 2014/41/EU are presented as well. Finally, the procedures proposed in the new EU regulation for collecting e-evidence are analysed and the expected removal of jurisdictive barriers for a more efficient justice processing of crime acts in an interconnected world assessed.
Cognitive Radio Network (CRN) enables secondary users to borrow unused spectrum from the proprietary users in a dynamic and opportunistic manner. However, dynamic and open access nature of available spectrum brings a serious challenge of sustenance amongst CRNs which makes them vulnerable to various spectrum etiquette attacks. Jamming-based denial of service (DoS) attack poses serious threats to legitimate communications and packet delivery. A rational attacker targets certain transmission characteristics to find the highest impacting communication of CRN and causes maximum disruption. In this paper, inspired by the honeypot concept in cybercrime, we propose a honeynet based defense mechanism, which aims to deter the attacker from jamming legitimate communications. The honeynet passively learns the attacker's strategy from the past history of attacks and actively adapts preemptive decoy mechanisms to prevent attacks on legitimate communications. Simulation results show that the with help of honeynet mechanism, CRN successfully avoids jamming attacks and thereby improves system performance in terms of packet delivery ratio.
This chapter critically analyzes the academic literature on cyberterrorism produced between 1996 and 2009. It begins by detailing the origins of the concept and follows up with a brief overview of the cyberterrorism literature produced to date. The remainder of the chapter is divided into five major sections. The first of these is concerned with the definitional debates surrounding cyberterrorism, particularly the question of whether disruption of data is too minimal, given the necessary motivational factors are present, to be classed as cyberterrorism and destruction is necessary. The second and third sections are devoted to untangling cyberterrorism from hacking and cyberterrorism from cybercrime, respectively. Section four is focused upon strategies for separating the cyberterrorism hype from the reality, while section five departs from the cyberterrorism literature to draw attention to an argument from the terrorism as communication approach that, although it dismisses cyberterrorism as an imminent threat and thus bears similarities to much of the literature discussed in this chapter, introduces a new and different rationale for same.
Players who are targets of potential raids can sometimes preempt some of these raids and neutralize the raiders. These threatened players have different values to the attackers as raid targets, and they act independently of each other and sometimes sequentially. The order in which the threatened players make their neutralization decisions turns out to be critical to the number of raids and the resulting probability of being attacked. The lowest number of raids results when the threatened players act in ascending order of attractiveness as targets for preemptive strikes. The analysis characterizes game-theoretic equilibrium as a function of action sequencing. It also discusses variations in the game situation, such as if the same threatened player can make multiple preemptive strikes, or if threatened players all act simultaneously rather than in a sequential order. The results are relevant in many contexts, including cybercrime, military threats from revisionist states, international terrorism, sabotage among employees in firms and other organizations, and defense of corporations against hostile takeover attempts.
This paper deals with a cybergrooming and sexual misconduct topic in artificial intelligence-based educational programs. Although cybergrooming has been recognized as a cybercrime, there is a lack of programs to protect youth from cybergrooming. We present a generative chatbot framework, SERI (Stop cybERgroomIng), that can generate fluent authentic conversations in the context of cybergrooming between a perpetrator chatbot and a potential victim chatbot. Furthermore, we propose deep-reinforcement-learning-based dialogue generation with a stage-related reward to lead the conversation to the expected stage. We also minimize potential ethical issues introduced by the perverted languages when deploying the chatbots for cybersecurity education programs. We evaluated the conversations of SERI with open-source referenced, unreferenced metrics and human evaluation. We developed SERI as a platform for deploying perpetrator chatbot to interact with youth users to observe their responses and collect reactions when they are asked for private or sensitive information by the perpetrator.
The insurance as governance literature focuses on the ability of private enterprises to collectively regulate, pool, and distribute risks. This paper analyzes how governments support insurance markets to maintain insurability and limit risks to society. We propose a new conceptual framework grouping government interventions into three dimensions: regulation of risky activity, public investment in risk reduction, and co-insurance. We apply this framework to six case studies, describing insurance markets' reliance on public support in more analytically precise terms. We analyze how mature insurance markets overcame insurability challenges akin to those currently presented by extortive cybercrime. Private governance struggled when markets grew too big for informal coordination or when (tail) risks escalated. Government interventions vary widely. Some governments prioritize supporting economic activity while others concentrate on containing risks. Governments also choose between risk reduction and ex post socialization of losses. We apply these insights to the market for ransomware insurance, discussing the merits and potential hazards of current proposals for government intervention.
One of the most pressing challenges with policing online fraud relates to jurisdiction. Policing is traditionally based on territoriality, but the internet has changed this. Offenders in one country can target a victim in a second country, who is requested to send money to a third or fourth country. This article examines online fraud victims' reporting to police. Specifically, it demonstrates the misconceptions that exist regarding jurisdiction, namely the relationship between the Australian Federal Police and state/territory police. A clear disconnect emerges between understandings and expectations of who can investigate what relating to online fraud. The Australian Cybercrime Online Reporting Network's establishment in 2014 is a positive step but this has not fixed the issue entirely. Overall, the article argues that the jurisdictional challenges experienced by police are not understood by victims, and improvement is needed regarding awareness of victims and police alike, to reduce unnecessary, additional trauma to victims.
The explosive growth of computer technologies creates many electronic data and produces much digital evidence of people's lives. As technology has improved, the volume of data for cybercrime investigation keeps growing at unprecedented rates and creating a quandary for Law Enforcement Agencies (LEAs). This study discusses the rise of digital evidence and the triage needs in digital forensic processing. It requires the sincere examination of all available data volumes at the scene or in the lab to present digital evidence in a court of law. In order to maintain the relevance, reliability, and sufficiency of digital evidence, investigators must establish a process model that can provide a quick response at the scene. This study proposes the novel triage triangle strategy of digital forensic components and illustrates TEAR phases from the viewpoint of THOR dimensions to describe the proper practices for identifying, collecting, acquiring, and preserving the digital data. It facilitates the efficiency and effectiveness of reducing digital forensic backlogs for LEAs.
The Internet has resulted in cyber-threats and cyber-crimes, which can occur anywhere at any time. Among various cyber threats, modern malware with applied metamorphosis and polymorphic technology is a concern as it can proliferate to advanced variants from its original shape. The typical malware analysis methods, including signature-based approach, remain vulnerable to such advanced variants. This paper proposes a visualization-based approach for malware analysis using the state-of-the-art Convolution Neural Network (CNN) model such as ResNeXt, which had achieved outstanding performance in image classifications with competitive computational complexity. The proposed method transforms the attributes of raw malware binary executable files to greyscale images for further analysis by well-established deep learning models. The greyscale images, which result of data transformation for visualization, are classified using ResNeXt. The experiment results show that the proposed solution achieves 98.32% and 98.86% of accuracy in malware classification on Malimg dataset and modified Malimg dataset, respectively. The proposed method outperforms other comparable methods in terms of classification accuracy and requires similar level of computational power.
Online crime has increased in severity and frequency over the past two decades. However, although several scientific disciplines have commonly employed criminological theories to explain this phenomenon, mainstream criminology has devoted relatively scant attention to the investigation of cyber-criminals and their victims. Drawing on this assumption that more criminological attention should be given to this important type of crime, this article presents an interdisciplinary review of the current state of research on cyber-dependent crimes (i.e., crimes that require the use of computer technology to exist, such as hacking). We begin with a brief discussion of the ecosystem of cyber-dependent crimes and the key actors who operate within it, including the online offenders and enablers, targets and victims, and guardians. Next, we review empirical scholarship that pertains to each actor while distinguishing between nontheoretical research and theoretically driven studies. We then detail methodological and theoretical avenues that should be pursued by future research and discuss why criminological research should lead policy initiatives and guide the design of technical tools that improve the scientific community's ability to generate a safer and more secure cyber-environment. We conclude by discussing potential ways in which cyber-dependent crime research could pave the way for the advancement of mainstream criminological theory and research.
The explosive growth of smart objects and their dependency on wireless technologies for communication increases the vulnerability of Internet of Things (IoT) to cyberattacks. Cyberattacks faced by IoT present daunting challenges to digital forensic experts. Researchers adopt various forensic techniques to investigate such attacks. These techniques aim to track internal and external attacks by emphasizing on communication mechanisms and loT's architectural vulnerabilities. In this study, we explore loT's novel factors affecting traditional computer forensics. We investigate recent studies on loT forensics by analyzing their strengths and weaknesses. We categorize and classify the literature by devising a taxonomy based on forensics phases, enablers, networks, sources of evidence, investigation modes, forensics models, forensics layers, forensics tools, and forensics data processing. We also enumerate a few prominent use cases of loT forensics and present the key requirements for enabling loT forensics. Finally, we identify and discuss several indispensable open research challenges as future research directions. (C) 2018 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
"Background: People with acquired brain injury (ABI) may be more susceptible to scams owing to postinjury cognitive and psychosocial consequences. Cyberscams result in financial loss and debilitating psychological impacts such as shame and mistrust, interference with neurorehabilitation, and reduced independence. Despite these significant consequences, there are no psychological treatments to support cyberscam survivors. There is limited evidence regarding how the current workforce is addressing post-ABI cyberscams. Objective: This study aims to understand the perspectives and needs of clinicians and service providers in addressing post-ABI cyberscams. Methods: Overall, 20 multidisciplinary clinicians and service providers were recruited through purposive sampling across Australia. Semistructured interviews explored post-ABI scam experiences and vulnerabilities, treatments and their efficacy, and recommendations for future cybersafety recovery interventions. Reflexive thematic analysis was used. Results: In total, 8 themes encompassing a biopsychosocial understanding of scam vulnerabilities and impacts were identified: genuine lack of awareness: cognitive -executive difficulties; not coping with the loss of it all; needing trust and connection; strong reactions of trusted others; nothing structured to do; financial stress and independence; cyberability; and scammer persuasion. Each theme informed clinical recommendations including the need to provide psychological and cognitive support, enhance financial and cybersafety skills, promote meaningful social engagement, and foster collaboration between families and clinical support teams. Conclusions: The multifaceted range of scam vulnerabilities and impacts highlighted the need for individualized, comprehensive, and targeted treatments using a biopsychosocial approach to enable cyberscam recovery among people with ABI. These findings will guide the development of a co -designed intervention. (J Med Internet Res 2024;26:e51245) doi: 10.2196/51245"
The aim of this review is to summarize the available empirical research on parental production and to explore the discursive positioning of parental perpetrators within scholarship on child sexual abuse material (CSAM). Academic databases were searched using a combination of relevant terms, and the review was expanded as new terms were identified. The review identified 66 scholarly articles, papers, or books that referred to parental production of CSAM published since 1970. To explore how parental offenders have been positioned within this literature over time, the review is presented according to a chronological summary, drawing out key themes and empirical insights. The review showed that parental CSAM production is common, more likely to involve pre-pubescent victims, more severe abuse, female as well as male perpetrators, and produces high-demand illegal content with serious long-term sequelae. However, the review found that the focus of child trafficking and sexual exploitation scholarship on commercial and profit-driven abuse has marginalized and obscured parental CSAM production as a serious policy challenge. These findings warrant a reorientation of research, policy, and practice approaches to technology-facilitated child sexual exploitation, as well as a reflection on the resistance of researchers and policymakers to acknowledging the problem of family-based sexual exploitation.
Cheetahs (Acinonyx jubatus) are a keystone predator of savanna systems in Africa, yet their populations have dramatically declined due to pressures such as human-wildlife conflict, loss of habitat, and most notably the illegal trade in live cheetah cubs as pets. We provide the most extensive dataset relevant to seized and non-intercepted illegal trade in live cheetahs and cheetah parts for the decade 2010-2019, spanning over 300 sources and 56 countries in Africa, the Middle East, Asia, Europe, Oceania and North America. It includes 1,884 individual incidents involving at least 4,000 cheetahs or cheetah parts or products likely or confirmed to breach national laws or CITES regulations. While the covert nature of illegal trade of any kind makes it extremely difficult to capture its true volume, we believe that the information contained in this dataset demonstrates the need for a more indepth look into illegal cheetah trade, including sustainability assessments with emphasis in regions where cheetah populations are small and widely exploited, such as the Horn of Africa, as this dataset suggests. Ultimately, such actions could lead to improved enforcement and legal frameworks, and provide a guide for CITES actions involving international cooperation and demand reduction efforts. (C) 2021 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Inc.
People tend to disclose personal identifiable information (PII) that could be used by cybercriminals against them. Often persuasion techniques are used by cybercriminals to trick people to disclose PII. This research investigates whether people can be made less susceptible to persuasion by reciprocation (i.e., making people feel obligated to return a favor) and authority, particularly in regard to whether information security knowledge and positive affect moderate the relation between susceptibility to persuasion and disclosing PII. Data are used from a population-based survey experiment that measured the actual disclosure of PII in an experimental setting (N = 2426). The results demonstrate a persuasion-disclosure link, indicating that people disclose more PII when persuaded by reciprocation, but not by authority. Knowledge of information security was also found to relate to disclosure. People disclosed less PII when they possessed more knowledge of information security. Positive affect was not related to the disclosure of PII. And contrary to expectations, no moderating effects were found of information security knowledge nor positive affect on the persuasion-disclosure link. Possible explanations are discussed, as well as limitations and future research directions.
With continual advances in Internet capability, in addition to its global and decentralized nature, the Internet along with different social networking sites are experiencing a boom in demand and supply. Recent study found that the social networking sites like Facebook, Twitter, and MySpace are providing a forum for paedophiles to share child pornography. With the advent of sophisticated digital technology, Law Enforcement Agency (LEAs) around the world dealing with child pornography facing real challenge to combat with the technologically-savvy paedophiles. The major challenge in child pornography lies in authentic detection of children face in an image. The main objective of this research is to present a novel framework for a dedicated child face detection tool, where we will use child's face specific contextual contexts and visual cues that are based on new knowledge in terms of features or contexts representatives of child's skin and face. The proposed technique can estimate age categorically - adult or child based on a new hybrid feature descriptor, called Luminance Invariant & Geometrical Relation based Descriptor (LIGRD). LIGRD is composed of some low and high-level features, which are found to be effective in characterizing the local appearance in terms of chromaticity, texture, and geometric relational information of few facial visual cues simultaneously. Comparison of our experimental results with that of another recently published work reveals our proposed approach yields the highest precision and recall, and overall accuracy in recognition.
"The distinct setting in which cyber-dependent crime takes place may reduce the similarity in the deviance of social network members. We test this assumption by analysing the deviance of the most important social contacts of cyber-dependent offenders and traditional offenders in the Netherlands (N = 344 offenders; N = 1131 social contacts). As expected, similarity in deviance is weaker for cyber-dependent crime. Because this is a strong predictor of traditional offending, this has important implications for criminological research and practice. Additionally, for both crime types the offending behaviour of a person is more strongly linked to the deviance of social ties if those ties are of the same gender and age, and if the offender has daily contact with them. Implications and future criminological research suggestions are discussed."
With the development of information and communication technology, online communication is becoming more active than offline meetings in daily life. This online communication is accelerating, especially as smartphone distribution and utilization become more prevalent. This communication in cyberspace has the advantage of people being able to communicate anytime, anywhere beyond time and place, while causing a variety of inappropriate consequences. A typical one is cyberbullying, which is a serious problem for adolescents who have active communication online. The purpose of this study is to accurately investigate and analyze the status of cyberbullying among adolescents. To this end, national survey data of the National Information Society Agency (NIA) was analyzed for the past three years. The population size and sample size from 2017 to 2019 were 5.773.998 and 4500 (2017), 5,663,725 and 4662 (2018), 5,502,801 and 4779 (2019), respectively. The statistical analysis shows that the biggest type of cyberbullying among adolescents is verbal abuse, and the biggest means is instant messaging. In addition, the most frequent forms of cyberbullying victims and cyberbullying perpetrators occur between individuals. In addition, the correlation between the interpersonal relationships of adolescents and the cyberbullying experience rate were analyzed, and various cyberbullying factors such as psychological factors were analyzed. As a result, we found that the interaction with parents and friendship reliability have a negative correlation with the cyberbullying experience rate. We expect the results of this study to be of great help to future research and policies of juvenile cyberbullying.
The exponential increase on the internet of indecent images of children (IIOC) has been followed by a transformation within criminal justice. The scale, nature and rapid technological evolution of such crimes-often of distant initial geographical origin-requires collaborative justice and harm reduction arrangements with internet companies and NGOs. The diminished reach (declining criminal justice interventions) and power (even in identifying crimes for intervention) of state authority with the current collaborative model, however, has resulted in inadequate social regulation and policing in response to IIOC crimes on the surface web. There is a considerable risk that the Online Harms White Paper proposals to establish overarching government authority to generally reduce harmful conduct will not fully resolve problems that go much wider than the technological, commercial and consumer protection on the surface web issues emphasised in that document. Only political choices about funding and fundamental rights compliant legislation can (a) prevent the hollowing out of criminal justice capacity and capabilities to deal with IIOC offenders and (b) ensure an essential compatibility and consistency in police operational ability-including the access sought to anonymised communication data via an encryption key-and legal principles when dealing with IIOC crimes across all levels of the internet, including `the dark web'. These issues are examined as a case study in civic epistemology about the influence of neoliberalism in technologically focused policy making.
Phishing is a kind of cybercrime that uses disguised websites to trick people into providing personally sensitive information. Phishing detection with high accuracy has attracted enormous interest in Cyber Security. Many website-based features have been applied for phishing detection, however, useless features can lead to extra feature extraction and phishing detection time costs. This paper analyzes 111 features of the latest published phishing websites dataset to investigate the obvious differences and correlations between phishing and legitimate websites. By applying eleven commonly used Machine Learning algorithms and evaluating their performances, we choose Random Forest as our phishing detection algorithm. Based on feature importance methods, we proposed a framework to reduce the number of features while maintaining high detection accuracy. The model training time and the usage of memory can also be saved. With the combination of the proposed feature selection framework, the important findings indicate that by using only 14 features, the accuracy of phishing detection can achieve 97.0%.
this study focuses on the spatial context of hacking to networks of Honey-pots. We investigate the relationship between topological positions and geographic positions of victimized computers and system trespassers. We've deployed research Honeypots on the computer networks of two academic institutions, collected information on successful brute force attacks (BFA) and system trespassing events (sessions), and used Social Network Analysis (SNA) techniques, to depict and understand the correlation between spatial attributes (IP addresses) and hacking networks' topology. We mapped and explored hacking patterns and found that geography might set the behavior of the attackers as well as the topology of hacking networks. The contribution of this study stems from the fact that there are no prior studies of geographical influences on the topology of hacking networks and from the unique usage of SNA to investigate hacking activities. Looking ahead, our study can assist policymakers in forming effective policies in the field of cybercrime.
e-mail scams have been around for a long time, and they are still remarkably successful. Understanding these scams can help combat fraud by raising public awareness and improving anti-fraud technologies. We conducted an in-depth analysis of e-mail contents with a mixed-method approach using machine-learning-based content analysis and qualitative analysis. We identified five stories (i.e., topics) scammers used in their e-mails. Further, we explored similarities between messages from the same scammers. Our findings suggest some scammers resend a message with the same story as before but with highly textual differences. We argue this might be a deceptive maneuver to avoid spam blockers.
Over the past few years, the agenda-topping issue of human trafficking is increasingly bracketed with the use of digital technologies. Though the trafficking-technology nexus is a growing area of public and policy concern, as far as empirical research is concerned, the subject is still a relatively open field. As a result, quite a few unknowns regarding the interaction between technological developments and trafficking in persons remain unresolved. In this context, the present research paper principally aims to build on the existent body of literature in order to broaden our comprehension of the matter at hand. Based on a systematic literature review and interviews with convicted offenders as well as anti-trafficking practitioners in Belgium, this paper presents an overview of the various ways in which technology can be leveraged both in the perpetration and the counteraction of human trafficking activities. In addition, the question of how technology relates to the traditional workings of trafficking is considered from a cyber-criminological point of view. That is, a connection is drawn between the use of technological tools by human traffickers and our current understanding of the business of trafficking in persons.
Cybercriminals are taking advantage of the COVID-19 outbreak and offering COVID-19-related scams to unsuspecting people. Currently, there is a lack of studies that focus on protecting people from COVID-19-related cybercrimes. Drawing upon Cultivation Theory and Protection Motivation Theory, we develop a research model to examine the cultivation effect of government social media on peoples? information security behavior towards COVID-19 scams. We employ structural equation modeling to analyze 240 survey responses collected from social media followers of government accounts. Our results suggest that government social media account followers? participation influences their information security behavior through perceived severity, perceived vulnerability, self-efficacy, and response efficacy. Our study highlights the importance of government social media for information security management during crises.
Exploitable vulnerabilities in software are one of the root causes of cybercrime, leading to financial losses, reputational damage, and wider security breaches for both enterprise and consumers. Furthermore, checking for vulnerabilities in software is no longer a human-scale problem due to code volume and complexity. To help address this problem, our work presents a deep learning model able to identify risk signals in Java source code and output a classification for a program as either vulnerable or safe. Sequences of raw Java opcodes are used to train a convolutional neural network that automatically encapsulates discriminative characteristics of a program that are then used for the prediction. Compared to traditional machine learning methods, this approach requires no prior knowledge of the software vulnerability domain, nor any hand-crafted input features. When evaluated on the publicly available benchmark dataset Juliet Test Suite containing 38520 vulnerable and 38806 safe programs, our method achieves an F1 score of 0.92.
